The system shall refresh the display every 60 seconds.
The system shall provide a history report of changes made to the Activity or Event data
The system shall provide charts for the Activity or Event actual versus assumed time.
The system shall offer the ability to pause and resume the refresh of data.
The system shall display the local and exercise time in separate clocks
The system shall filter data by: Venues and Key Events.
The system shall offer a display of all the Events in the exercise.
The system shall allow modification of the display.
The system shall link Events back to either the Sync Matrix 1.0 or the Exercise Managment Tool 1.0 applications for modifications.
The system shall display data from the Sync Matrix 1.0 and Exercise Management Tool 1.0 applications
The system shall color code events according to their variance from current time.
The bottom 3/4 of the table will hold events that occur according to its relevance to current time.
The top 1/4 of the table will hold events that are to occur sequentially.
The table side of the display shall be split into 2 regions: sequential and temporal.
The system shall allow a user to define the time segments
The display shall have two regions: left 2/3 of the display is graphical right 1/3 of the display is a data table
The data displayed in both the nodes within the graph and the rows in the table are MSEL Summary data
The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security
If projected the data must be readable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30
If projected the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen 90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100
The product shall ensure that it can only be accessed by authorized users. The product will be able to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized users in all access attempts
The product shall be available during normal business hours. As long as the user has access to the client PC the system will be available 99% of the time during the first six months of operation.
The product shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display.
The system shall have a MDI form that allows for the viewing of the graph and the data table.
The system shall display Events in a vertical table by time.
The system shall display the Events in a graph by time.
The system shall display Events or Activities.
The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. 90% of new users shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities within 90 minutes of using the product.
The product shall be capable of handling the existing 1000 users. This number is expected to grow 5 times within the next year.
The system shall allow a real estate agent to query MLS information
The product shall be installed by an untrained realtor without recourse to separately-printed instructions.
90% of untrained realtors shall be able to install the product on their device without printed instructions
Only registered realtors shall be able to access the system.
Every user of the system shall be authenticated and authorized.
The product shall prevent its data from incorrect data being introduced.
The user shall be able to get driving directions to a selected property
The realtor shall be able to retrieve a map showing property locations for a specified area
The system shall display clear property images in the search results
The system shall update or create new property listings in the MLS
Realtor shall be able to generate a CMA report based on property criteria
The system shall be able to call the seller or buyer to schedule an appointment
The realtor shall be notified of new client appointments after automatic synchronization with office system
The system shall notify the realtor when a seller or buyer responds to an appointment request
The product shall allow the user to save the property search results.
The product shall be able support 1000 simultaneous users.
The user shall be able to download appointments and contact information for clients
The product shall be able to support multiple remote users
The product is expected to run on Windows CE and Palm operating systems.
The product shall retain user preferences in the event of a failure.
100% of saved user preferences shall be restored when system comes back online.
The look and feel of the system shall conform to the user interface standards of the smart device.
The system shall have a professional appearance
The product shall have a consistent color scheme and fonts.
The system shall be used by realtors with no training.
The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory.
The product shall be easy for a realtor to learn.
The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the realtor community.
The product shall produce search results in an acceptable time
The user interface shall have standard menus buttons for navigation
The product shall generate a CMA report in an acceptable time.
The CMA report shall be returned no later 60 seconds after the user has entered the CMA report criteria.
The product shall synchronize contacts and appointments in an acceptable time.
The product shall synchronize with the office system every hour.
The product shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days per year
Out of 1000 accesses to the system the system is available 999 times.
The product shall operate in offline mode whenever internet connection is unavailable.
The search results shall be returned no later 30 seconds after the user has entered the search criteria
The product shall allow the user to view previously downloaded search results CMA reports and appointments.
The system shall allow a Program Administrator or Nursing staff member to remove a student from a clinical lab section.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a student who has registered for a clinical class to a clinical lab section for that class.
A clinical lab section shall include the clinical site name the class instructor day and time of the lab.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new clinical lab section for an existing clinical class into the System.
Clinical site information shall include (but not be limited to) the name of the site contact person and contact information.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new clinical site into the system.
Classes for a given cohort shall not conflict with regards to the time and day that they are offered.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall be able to create a new Program of Study.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to specify which classes are required for a Program of Study
A Program of Study shall consist of a program name and listing of required classes (both clinical and non-clinical) that must be completed.
A clinical class shall specify the course name lecture room requirements clinical site needs lecture instructor needs and clinical lab instructor needs.
A non-clinical class shall specify the course name lecture room requirements and instructor needs.
A class shall be either a non-clinical class or a clinical class.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes for the nursing department into the system.
The system shall allow a Program Administrator/Nursing Staff Member to move a student from one clinical lab section to another clinical lab section corresponding to the same clinical class.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new cohort to the system identified by start month and year.
The system shall be able to display a report of needed classes for a given quarter for all cohorts of all programs for Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members92 planning purposes.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall be able to cancel a clinical lab section only if there are no students registered for that clinical lab section.
The system will notify affected parties for routine communication purposes including but not limited to informing students of upcoming offered classes (timeline) and what their schedule will be/shall be.
A staff member shall have the ability to manage the progress of a part time student which includes modifying their sequence of classes and timeline of classes.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add clinical classes or sections to a sequence of classes
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Nursing Student including student ID student name phone number e-mail status (full time or part time) and program of study.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Clinical Lab Section including the clinical site name the department/section for the lab the class instructor day and time of lab and contact information.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Clinical Site including the clinical site name site contact person contact information and address.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Program of Study within the Nursing Department including the Program of study name and required classes for that Program of Study.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to cohorts including cohort identifier program of study preferred sequence of classes and quarters that a cohort will be taking specific classes.
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting specific students including but not limited to changing a student92s status from full time to part time and moving a student to a different clinical section.
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting cohorts including but not limited to changes to the sequence for a cohort92s program of study and changes to a given week92s schedule (lab cancelled this week due to instructor illness).
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting classes including but not limited to class cancellations class section detail changes and changes to class offerings for a given quarter.
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting clinicals including but not limited to clinical section capacity changes and clinical section cancellations.
The system will use the stored e-mail addresses as a primary means of communicating information to affected parties.
The system shall contain contact information (e-mail and phone number) for all people relevant to the system including (but not limited to) staff members students lecture instructors clinical lab instructors and clinical site administrators.
The system shall be able to display a printable summary of the system log.
The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual nursing students which will include (but not be limited to) student name student ID admission date classes credits GPA and the cohort that the student is enrolled in.
The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual clinical labs which will include (but not be limited to) class name class number lab section listing of students enrolled instructor day(s) time and location.
The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual clinical sites which will include information on labs being held at that site for the given quarter (Clinical site general information on labs held at that location dates and times of all labs held there).
The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual cohorts which will include the students enlisted the Program of study sequence of classes cohort progress through the program and timeline of completion.
A Program Administrator/Nursing Staff Member shall be able to add a new nursing student to the system.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes to a sequence of classes
The report of needed classes shall include (but not be limited to) classes to be offered number of sections needed number of labs needed and room types needed.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to specify the preferred sequence of classes for a given cohort.
The system shall able to operate within a business office environment typical of the Nursing Department at DePaul University.
The system shall be expected to manage the nursing program curriculum and class/clinical scheduling for a minimum of 5 years.
The system shall be capable of processing 100% of nursing students and their classes for the next 10 years.
The system shall cater to 10 simultaneous users from 9am to 5pm.
system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours.
The system shall achieve 95% up time.
The system shall be available for use between the hours of 8am and 6pm.
The response time of general student management tasks shall take no longer than 5 seconds and the response time of schedule generation shall take no longer than 30 seconds.
Staff members shall be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner.
The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard English and the terminology of the national Nursing Community.
For each class within a sequence for a cohort Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to specify which quarter that class will be offered.
2 out of 3 Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals.
The system shall be intuitive to the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
The number of mistakes noted by the students shall be decreased by 50% in the first year.
The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students.
All of the users shall be able to use the system after one day of training.
The system shall be easy to use by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
The system shall be used within the specifications defined by the computers used by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
The system shall operate within the Windows XP Professional operating system.
The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the user community.
The system shall interface with the faculty central server.
The system shall interface with CampusConnect92s central server
Students added to a cohort shall be eligible for the cohort92s Program of Study.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a single student to a cohort
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a listing of students to a cohort.
The system shall use the organization92s standard virus protection software to help monitor threats to itself.
The system shall be built such that it is as secure as possible from malicious interference.
The system shall protect private information in accordance with the organization92s information policy.
The system shall have basic data integrity checking to reduce the possibility of incorrect or invalid data being introduced.
A cohort shall be associated to one Program of Study offered by the department.
Only authorized users shall have access to the portion of the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
Dr Susan Poslusny and Dr Julie Donalek are the only people who shall have access to students92 personal information.
Only authorized users shall have access to students92 personal information.
Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members are the only people who shall have access to clinical site details.
Only authorized users shall have access to clinical site information.
We must be able to interface with any HTML browser.
Fit Criterion: Dr Susan Poslusny and Karen Sysol are the only people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
The system shall interface with the student master server.
All actions that modify an existing dispute case must be recorded in the case history.
The Disputes System will provide the user the ability to create or initiate a ticket retrieval request. As part of ticket retrieval creation process the system must prompt the user to enter all the required information to create the ticket retrieval request. The ticket retrieval request is a document that is sent to merchant inquiring the validity of a transaction.
The Disputes System must provide the user the ability to initiate a single dispute case on multiple transactions that belong to a single merchant.
The Disputes System must allow the users to select disputable transactions (based on the age of the transaction) from a user interface and initiate a dispute (ticket retrieval request or chargeback notification) on the selected transaction.
The Disputes System shall provide update access capability for authorized users of the application.
The Disputes System must prevent users from accessing any dispute cases that do not belong to their cardholder base.
The Disputes System must provide different levels of access with regard to disputes case initiation and follow-up actions.
The Disputes System will facilitate direct data entry of a dispute case via a user interface that supports real time responses to the users.
The Disputes System must be accessible by both internal and external users.
The Disputes System must allow the user to create three unique types of ticket retrieval requests. The three types of ticket retrieval requests are (1) Request for original receipt (2) Request for a copy of the receipt or (3) Request for a portfolio. A portfolio consists of documentation that would provide proof of a purchase such as the documentation that is received from a car rental agency that is more than a sales receipt.
The Disputes System shall provide view access capability for authorized users of the application.
The Disputes System must prevent external users from requesting original receipts. Requests for original receipts are restricted to internal users.
The Disputes System shall provide the users the ability to view the history of all activities that have occurred on the dispute case.
The Disputes System shall allow the user to create or initiate a chargeback request. The system must prompt the user to enter the required information to initiate a chargeback request. The chargeback request results in a printed chargeback notification that is sent to merchant indicating that their account will be charged back if no proof is provided that the disputed transaction is valid.
The Disputes System must provide a confirmation to the user upon the creation of a chargeback request. The confirmation must contain the following information; the dispute case number the type of chargeback requested (pending or immediate) and the date that the merchant response is due.
The Disputes System shall prevent the creation of duplicate dispute requests 100% of the time.
The Disputes System shall accurately provide a list of possible reason codes for a given transaction. The list of possible reason codes must be derived based on the type of transaction and the industry that the merchant belongs to according to the business rules defined for the Disputes System.
The Disputes System must provide the ability to view existing dispute cases.
The Disputes System must provide Search functionality. The search method must include the ability to search by (1) the dispute case number (2) the merchant account number (3) the cardmember account number and (4) the issuer number. In addition to the above criteria the search functionality must further allow the user to limit the results of the search by a date range the type of dispute (ticket retrieval request or chargeback notification) the case status (open closed or all) and the dispute reason code.
A list of all disputes cases that meet the entered search criteria must be provided to the user. The list of cases must differentiate the type and/or status of the case by color -coding the line item in the list. For example all open cases will be yellow and all closed cases will be gray.
The Dispute System shall provide the users with the ability to follow up on a dispute case via follow-up actions. The list of available follow up actions for a given dispute case must be filtered by the status of the case and the access level of the user.
The Disputes System shall record the name of the user and the date for any activity that creates or modifies the disputes case in the system. A detailed history of the actions taken on the case including the date and the user that performed the action must be maintained for auditing purposes.
For any systematic (non-user initiated) action that occurs on a case such as the disputes aging process a case activity will be generated. Upon the next logon the user that initiated the dispute case must be notified that a systematic action has occurred on the dispute case.
All letter requests must be formatted according to guidelines specified by the Print Letter Utility system.
Any disputes cases that have been closed for over 6 months must be purged from the online disputes database.
The Disputes System must provide a confirmation to the user upon the creation of ticket retrieval request that contains the following information; the dispute case number the type of retrieval requested (copy original or portfolio) and the date that the merchant response is due.
The Disputes application must maintain a detailed history of every action that a user takes on a dispute case. This ensures a complete audit trail if questions arise later on with regard to a particular dispute case.
All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance with the Merchant Operating Regulations.
The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by Regulation E and Regulation Z that govern credit card disputes processing.
All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance to the guidelines of Regulation E and Regulation Z.
The Disputes application shall comply with the corporate standards for user interface creation for internally and externally used applications.
All screens created as part of the Disputes application must comply with corporate standards for interface creation.
The list of dispute cases that are displayed after a search is performed must be color coded for easy identification of dispute cases based upon the dispute case status.
100% of the cardmember and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course.
100% of merchant services representatives shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
The maximum wait time for a user navigating from one screen to another within the Disputes application shall be no more than 5 seconds.
The Disputes application shall support 350 concurrent users without any degradation of performance in the application.
The Disputes application shall be available 24x7x365 with the exception of the following scheduled maintenance windows. Monday 96 Saturday 3:00am to 4:00am EST Sunday 1:00amd to 5:00am EST
The Disputes application shall interface with the Statement Database. The Statement Database provides the transaction details to the Disputes System. All transaction details must be obtained from the Statement Database
The Disputes application shall interface with the Cardmember Information Database. The Cardmember Information Database provides detailed information with regard to a cardmember. All cardmember detail information must be obtained from the Cardmember Information Database.
The Disputes applications shall interface with the Merchant Information Database. The Merchant Information Database provides detailed information with regard to the merchant. All merchant detail information shall be obtained from the Merchant Information Database.
100% of cardmember services representatives shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
The Disputes application shall interface with the Cardmember Posting and Billing System. This will allow the Disputes application to request adjustments to cardmember and merchant92s accounts. All adjustment requests must be sent to the Cardmember Posting and Billing System.
The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by the Merchant Operating Regulations.
The Disputes application shall interface with the Letters application. This will allow the Disputes application to request letters as part of the dispute initiation and dispute follow up process. All letter requests must be sent to the Print Letter Utility application.
All updates to data files or database must be initiated from the Disputes System.
The Disputes application shall manipulate and view business data. Users will not have direct access to data files or databases.
If a user account is revoked it can only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator.
Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account
The Disputes System shall generate a User Report that details any new users that have been added and any changes to an existing user92s access level. The report will be reviewed for auditing purposes.
All authorized users once authenticated must be able to logon to the Disputes System
The Disputes application shall ensure that only authorized users are allowed to logon to the application.
Only users with Update access must be able to initiate dispute requests.
The Disputes application shall ensure that only users with the appropriate access level are allowed to initiate dispute requests.
All additions of new users and modifications to user92s access shall be recorded on the User Report.
The estimator shall apply selected recycled parts to the collision estimate.
The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using a list of preferred parts suppliers.
The available recycled parts information and their suppliers shall be returned to the user.
The system shall retain the available recycled parts and suppliers returned from the search.
The estimator shall search by zipcode with a radius of 30 miles if no parts are found for the preferred parts suppliers
The system shall search for available recycled parts for the supplied vehicle parts and suppliers.
The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using damaged vehicle parts information.
The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles
The preferred repair facility shall be returned to the user.
The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facitlity on the estimate assignment.
The adjuster shall enter the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.
The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria
The system shall resolve the zipcode for the street address city and state if zipcode is unknown.
The vehicle location shall include street address city state and zipcode
The estimator shall not apply recycled parts to the collision estimate if no available parts are returned.
The system shall return a list of repair facilities within the radius if the preferred repair facility cannot be determined.
The adjuster shall review the collision estimate.
The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report
The recycled parts search results provided to the estimator shall be retrieved by the system.
The vehicle data shall include vehicle year make and model
The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved by the system.
The user shall select to save the preferred repair facility ratings.
The ratings shall include categories for attempted use of recycled parts and actual use of recycled parts
The ratings shall be from a scale of 1-10
The system will display a blank set of ratings if there are not ratings yet defined.
The current repair facility ratings shall be displayed to the user.
The user shall select to view the preferred repair facility ratings.
The audit report shall be available to other adjusters at later points in time.
The audit report shall be displayed to the user.
The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the indivual line items.
The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate
The audit report shall include the number of available recycled parts from the original search results.
The audit report shall include the total number of recycled parts used in the estimate.
The system shall generate an audit report based on the available recycled parts and the collision estimate.
The adjuster shall request a recycled parts audit of the collision estimate.
The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle vehicle location and radius in miles
The product shall comply with corporate color scheme
The product shall comply with the estimatics laws relating to recycled parts usage.
The recycled parts audit report shall be returned to the user within 10 seconds. The audit report shall be returned within 10 seconds.
The search for the preferred repair facility shall take no longer than 8 seconds. The preferred repair facility is returned within 8 seconds
The search for recycled parts shall take no longer than 15 seconds. The search results shall be returned in under 15 seconds.
The user shall easily locate instructions while using the product. User help can be found within 90% of the system.
The product shall be easy to learn by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. The product shall be learned with two days onsite training
Users shall feel satisfied using the product. 85% of all users will be satisfied with the product.
The product shall increase productivity of Collision Estimators. 80% of the Collision Estimators shall agree their productivity has increase within 1 month of using the product.
The product shall be easy to use by Adjusters and Collision Estimators. 95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators shall find the product easy to use.
The appearance of the product shall appear professional
The product shall comply with corporate User Interface Guidelines
The product shall adhere to the corporate Architecture guidelines
The product shall run on the existing hardware for all environments.
The product shall interface with the Choice Parts System. This provides the feed of recycled parts data.
The product must support Mozilla Firefox 1.0 and above.
The product shall comply with insurance regulations regarding claims processing.
The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved within 5 seconds. The save shall occur within 5 seconds.
The product shall adhere to the corporate online availability schedule. The application is brought down only within 98% of the scheduled outages per the availability schedule.
The product must support Internet Explorer 5.5 and above.
The product shall be able to handle up to 1500 simultaneous users. The system shall perform with 1500 users as a time.
The product shall achieve a 98% uptime. The product shall not fail more than 2% of the available online time.
The product must comply with Sarbanes-Oxley.
The system shall prevent malicious attacks including denial of service.
The product shall free of computer viruses.
One insurance company shall not be able to view another insurance companys claim data.
Only valid data shall be entered into the system. No invalid data shall be entered into the system.
Only adjusters with a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings. Users without the supervisor role cannot access the repair facility ratings.
Only collision estimators shall search for recycled parts. Users without the collision estimator role shall not have access to the search for recycled parts.
Product installations and upgrades shall be handled by the middleware technology team within established launch time frames.
The product shall be supported using the corporate support center.
The maintenance of the product will fall within the established corporate maintenance windows.
The product shall interface with the ChoiceParts system once per day at approximately 1:00 AM.
For estimators the product shall be able to be operated in a repair facility during dirty and noisy conditions.
The product shall be able to handle 10 000 concurrent users within 2 years of the initial launch.
The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be 50 000.
Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports. No users without an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits.
The product shall update existing conference rooms.
The product will notify employees of meeting invitations.
The product will record meeting acknowledgements.
The product shall assign the organizers contact information to each meeting they create.
The product shall have the ability to send meeting reminders to employees.
The product shall record meeting entries.
The product shall ensure that the database92s data corresponds to the data entered by the user. Each conference room reservation in the system will contain the same information as was entered by the user.
The product shall be able to display calendar dates and times according to the user92s locale. 90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the date and time formatting of the product is correct.
The language of the product shall accommodate all of the target market countries. 90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the language of the product is acceptable.
The product shall have the ability to receive automatic software updates as new threats emerge. 100% of customers will be able to receive automatic software updates transmitted to the installed product.
The product and/or dependent databases/filesystems shall remain operational as a result of the input of malicious data. The product and/or dependent databases/filesystems shall not crash 100% of the time that malicious data is input into the product.
The product shall prevent the input of malicious data. The product and/or adjacent hardware/software systems92 data shall remain 100% uncorrupted each time malicious data is input into the product.
The product will be able to delete conference rooms.
Only managers are able to perform search queries for reservations by user. 100% of all search queries for reservations by user shall be from logons of only management logons.
The product must be developed with the J2SE/J2EE programming language libraries
The product shall be able to store new room equipment.
The product shall send a meeting confirmation to the meeting organizer.
The product shall be able to delete room equipment.
The product will display an available status for unreserved conference rooms.
The product shall ensure that only company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs may have product access. 100% of all logons shall be by either company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs.
The product shall have an intuitive user interface.
The product shall have a customizable Look and Feel.
The product shall be able to send meeting notifications via different kinds of end-user specified methods.
The product will allow priviledged users to view meeting schedules in multiple reporting views.
The product shall notify building personnel of equipment transport requests.
The product will update existing room equipment.
The product shall record all the equipment that has been reserved.
The product shall display conference rooms according to search parameters.
The product shall display room equipment according to search parameters.
The product shall record updated meeting agendas.
The product shall display a map of the company building showing conference room locations.
The product shall record the transportation status of equipment reserved.
Each time a conference room is reserved the conference room schedule shall be updated to reflect the time and date of the reservation.
The product shall allow an organizer to invite other employees to meetings.
The product shall record different meeting types.
The product shall be able to be installed in any operating environment within 2 days.
The product shall store new conference rooms.
The product shall be translated into foreign languages other than the target market countries92 languages in future releases. For each emerging target market it shall take no more than 5 days to configure the product for that market92s language.
The product shall allow for intuitive searching of available conference rooms.
The product shall use a standard navigation menu familiar to most web users.
The product shall allow for customization of start page and views preferences.
The product shall allow the user to select a chosen language from one of the target market countries.
The product shall give users feedback when necessary. 80% of the users surveyed report that the product accurately confirms their actions.
The product shall be easy to use. 90% of users will be able to successfully reserve a conference room within 5 minutes of product use.
The product shall make the users want to use it. 80% of the users surveyed report they are regularly using the product after the first 2 weeks post-launch.
The product shall have a conservative and professional appearance.
The product92s Look and Feel shall be able to incorporate aspects of the customer92s organization such as logo branding and identity
A database management system such as Oracle DB2 MySql or HSQL will need to be integrated with the product.
The product must make use of web/application server technology. Open source examples include Apache web server Tomcat and the JBoss application server.
The product will require collaboration with a database management system (DBMS). The DBMS may be located on the same machine as the product or on a separate machine residing on the same computer network.
The product will function alongside server software on any operating system where the Java runtime can be installed.
The product must work with most database management systems (DBMS) on the market whether the DBMS is colocated with the product on the same machine or is located on a different machine on the computer network.
The product is expected to integrate with multiple database management systems. The product will operate with Oracle SQL Server DB2 MySQL HSQL and MS Access.
The product shall conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The response shall be fast enough to avoid interrupting the user92s flow of thought. 90% of tasks shall complete within 5 seconds. 98% of tasks shall complete within 8 seconds.
An employee will be able to successfully use the product within a few minutes. After informally navigating the product for less than 15 minutes users shall be able to successfully setup meetings and reserve conference rooms.
The product shall create an exception log of problems encountered within the product for transmission to our company for analysis and resolution.
The customer shall be able to easily integrate new building maps with the product throughout the product92s lifecycle. Integration of new maps with the product shall be possible with little to no support from product support staff.
Every registered user will have access to the product92s support site via the Internet. 70% of registered users shall find a solution to their problem within 5 minutes of using the support site.
Maintenance releases will be offered to customers once a year. The releases shall take no longer than 5 minutes for 80% of the customer base to install.
Aside from server failure the software product shall achieve 99.99% up time.
The product must be designed using Design Patterns and coding best practices. 90% of maintenance software developers are able to integrate new functionality into the product with 2 working days.
A new user must be able to be added to the system within 10 minutes. 90% of new users are able to log into the system within 10 minutes.
The product will be available for licensing as a one-server two-five servers or five-or-more servers license.
The product shall be available for distribution as a packaged CD.
The product must be highly configurable for use with various database management systems for the end users. 80% of end users are able to integrate new database management systems with the product without changing the product92s software code.
The product must be able to interface with various email servers. The product shall be able to send email.
The product must be able to interface with various database management systems. The product shall communicate successfully with the database management system on 100% of all transactions.
The product must be able to interface with any HTML browser. The product shall transmit data between the user and the product without problems. The product shall display HTML properly in 80% of all HTML browsers tested (minimum is to test 8 browsers).
The product shall be used in office environments.
The product shall be expected to operate for at least 5 years for each customer installation.
The product shall be able to process 10 000 transactions per hour within two years of its launch. This number will increase to 20 000 by Release 2.
The product shall be capable of handling up to 1 000 concurrent requests. This number will increase to 2 000 by Release 2. The concurrency capacity must be able to handle peak scheduling times such as early morning and late afternoon hours.
The product shall be available for distribution via the Internet as a binary or ZIP file.
Product formula ingredients shall allow defining substitutionary ingredients.
Product formula substitutionary ingredients shall be entered automatically by the PFE subsystem.
Product shall allow entering storing and modifying product menus used by POS terminals.
PME Subsystem shall allow building product menus based on the list of products kept in the accounting system.
The RMS System shall have Windows XP look and feel and use GUI futures making its use intuitive.
PME Subsystem shall allow for a product to exist in more than one submenu
The System shall generate Inventory Quantity Adjustment document based on product daily sales data and product formulas.
The System shall generate Inventory Quantity Adjustment document automatically when daily Product Sales data is available.
Product formulas shall allow use of semi-products which have own formulas.
PME Subsystem shall allow keeping submenus within menus and products within submenus in a managed and persisted order.
The System shall allow entering storing and modifying product formulas.
Formula substitutionary ingredients shall be kept in persisted order
The System shall allow on demand generation of all Inventory Quantity Adjustment documents since certain point of time.
The IQA subsystem shall take into account current inventory status and adjust inventory of substitutionary ingredients accordingly.
The System shall allow for a minimum of 6 users to work at the same time.
The System shall utilize currently owned computer equipment.
The System shall be able to automatically backup business data and restore them on demand.
Recreation of Inventory Quantity Adjustment for the period of previous 30 days shall take no more than 30min.
The System shall granularly control access rights to all major subsystems. It should be possible to assign access rights to all subsystems independently.
The System shall meet all applicable accounting standards. The final version of the System must successfully pass independent audit performed by a certified auditor.
The System shall not require additional third party licenses resulting in royalty fees.
The System shall allow generation of Inventory Quantity Adjustment documents on demand.
The System shall maintain consistent security. Any changes in user passwords and/or permissions should take affect in all parts of the System.
Data integrity scripts will be run on a weekly basis to verify the integrity of the database.
The website should cater to all tribes in Nigeria.
The streaming server will have anti-virus software to prevent infection of malicious viruses.
All credit card information will be encrypted in the database.
All customer information will be stored on a secure database accessible only to authorized personnel.
The system shall reveal private information only in compliance with the organization92s information policy.
The system shall notify customers of changes to its information policy.
The website shall make its user aware of its information practices before collection data from them via a Privacy Policy accessible on all pages of the website.
The website shall protect itself from intentional abuse and notify the administrator at all occurrences.
A customer can only stream a movie if they purchased it and are within the 2 day viewing period.
Only authorized personnel can access sales information.
Only administrators can activate a pre-paid card.
Only authorized personnel can access customer records in the database.
The website shall not be offensive to religious or ethnic groups.
Only registered customers can purchase streaming movies.
The product shall be able to be installed in the specified environment within 1 working day.
Velkat staff will be available for phone support between 7am-7pm M-F to provide technical support to the Izogn administrators.
The website will provide a help section with answers and solutions to common problems.
The system will provide a 24 hour 800 toll free number for support to its customers.
The website shall prevent its data from being corrupted when incorrect data is entered in.
The website should appeal to all Africans not only Nigerians.
viewing a movie details the website will display the movies description actor and director entered in by the administrator.
IzognMovies shall meet the licensing requirements set forth by the appropriate organizations in order to stream African movies.
Izogn Administrator must be able to add new products to the website within 2 minutes.
The owner shall have free access to all of the streaming movies.
Daily usage statistics should be logged and accessible by the administrator.
All registered customer information shall be stored and maintained in the database even after the customer cancels their account.
All streaming movie sales will be logged in the database and accessible by the administrator.
Website must be able to support free trial periods with various parameters set by the Izogn Manager.
Movies can only be streamed if the customer has purchased a movie and is within the 2-day time period to stream the movie.
Pre-paid cards shall be distributed via email or via a printed paper card.
System shall allow users to update their billing and contact information via the 93My Account94 section of the website.
The website should use Flash to provide animation on the home page.
Website shall allow customers to purchase pre-paid cards of $5 $10 or $20 value either by credit card or mail-in payment option.
Website shall allow the Izogn administrator to approve a review posted by a customer.
Website shall allow customers to add their own movie review for a selected movie.
Website shall allow customers to view reviews of selected movies by other customers.
Website shall allow customers to browse movies by categories entered in by izogn administrator.
shall be able to stream purchased movie via Windows Media Player for up to 2 days aftere purchase date.
Website shall request and authorize credit card payment before allowing a user to stream a movie.
The website will allow customers to search for movies by title actor or director.
The PHP code will comply with PEAR standards.
The website will comply with W3C standards.
System will allow customers to pay for a streaming movie with a pre-paid card.
Izogn Administrator must be able to update the category listings on the website within 2 minutes.
System shall automatically update the main page of the website every Friday and show the 4 latest movies that have been added to the website.
Movies shall be encoded for 56k and 256k streams.
The product shall retain the customer92s buying preferences and information.
An anonymous survey will show that 95% of customers are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the system.
An anonymous survey will show that 70% of customers are comfortable purchasing streaming movies after 2 weeks using the website.
Users should only have to navigate through a maximum of 4 pages to create an account with the website.
The product should be able to be used by 90% of novice users on the Internet.
The website design should be modern clean and concise.
The website should have an African feel but should not alienate non-Africans. The website should use animation on pages which are describing the services to grab the users attention and encourage them to sign up.
The website shall be attractive to all audiences. The website shall appear to be fun and the colors should be bright and vibrant.
System shall let administrators generate unique pre-paid pins in under 2 minutes and generate an Excel file with the generated PINs.
The product shall be easy for customers with novice skills on the Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies. Customers should be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie in under 3 minutes.
System shall let Izogn Manager access sales and usage statistics in under 2 minutes.
Promotional updates to the website should take a day to update.
System shall let administrator add/remove movies on the website in under 5 minutes. Entered movie information will be stored in the database and will now be available on the website.
System shall let administrator de-activate a customer account in under 1 minute. Customer will no longer be able to access the website.
System shall let customers cancel their account process shall take no longer than 2 minutes. Database will mark the account as inactive and user will not be able to log into the website.
System shall let existing customers log into the website with their email address and password in under 5 seconds.
System shall let customers register on the website as a 93unlimited movie subscriber94 user in under 10 minutes.
System shall let customers register on the website as a 93pay as you go94 user in under 5 minutes.
Customer shall be able to check the status of their prepaid card by entering in the PIN number in under 5 seconds.
Administrator shall be able to activate a pre-paid card via the Administration section in under 5 seconds.
System shall let the administrator add/remove categories on the website in under 5 minutes.
The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by users familiar with websites
Users should be able to access their streaming movies in under 2 clicks after logging into the website.
Any interface between a user and the automated system shall have a maximum response time of 5 seconds unless noted by an exception below.
Movies shall be encoded and streamed via Windows Media Player 9.0.
Website must be fully operational with MSN TV2.
Website must interface with the CyberSource API to process credit card transactions.
We must be able to interface with the following browsers: IE 5.X 6.0 Netscape 6.x 7.x 8.x and Firefox 1.0.
The same hardware supporting the current website will be used to support the new system.
The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user.
The product shall be expected to operate within the maximum maintenance budget for a minimum of 2 years.
The website shall be capable of supporting 100 000 customers.
The server will support a maximum of 1 000 simultaneous users.
The streaming server will support a maximum of 700 movies; new servers can be added to support more movies.
All aspects of the website shall be accessed by a web browser over the Internet.
The website shall continue to operate if the payment gateway goes down.
The website shall continue to operate if the streaming server goes down.
All movies shall be streamed on demand at any time of the day.
The website shall achieve 99.5% up time.
The website shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days per year.
All credit card information will be secured on the server and only accessible by authorized Izogn administrators. Information will be encrypted in the database.
While streaming a movie buffering should only occur if there is latency in the user92s connection.
When streaming a movie the buffering time should take no longer than 10 seconds (plus any latency on the user92s connection.)
When purchasing a streaming movie or pre-paid card via credit card the processing time should have a maximum response time of 15 seconds.
The streaming server will support 50 simultaneous streaming connections.
If the leads score falls within the medium average then it will be set for manual verification by an Enrollment Coordinator through the eleads system.
If the leads score falls within the low average then it will be returned to the supplying vendor
The leads washing functionality will compile both contact and academic scoring information for a total score.
The leads washing functionality will use the parameters supplied by corporate and schools to score part of the lead.
The leads washing functionality will return the lead data supplied to the vendor along with the reason of rejection.
The leads washing functionality shall receive a period list of available reps from the enterprise system.
The leads washing functionality will verify the users authentication and rights to make parameter updates.
The leads washing functionality will store any potential lead duplicates returned by the enterprise system.
Prior to submitting the lead to the enterprise system the leads washing functionality will assign the lead to an admissions rep.
If the leads score falls within the high average score then it will be process by the ARA functionality.
The leads washing functionality will have an interface in which lead data parameters can be maintained.
The leads washing functionality will insert all leads captured by the web service.
No lead evaluation will complete in a time period longer than 25 seconds for 97% of all leads processed.
If a lead is scored to the high range the system will supply the lead data and score to the enterprise system.
Vendor will submit a credit validation record to be applied to the enterprise billing system.
The vendor will verify the invalid lead.
Washing parameters will be updated during scheduled maintenance hours.
Defect reports will be available to technical units on a 24x7 basis.
The washing process must use a non binding neutral data format such as xml when receiving and processing lead data.
The lead washing process will operate within the established physical web service structure.
The process must fit within the processing time conditions set forth by the Auto Rep Assignment process in which a lead is assigned within 3 minutes of the total life cycle.
For leads that process longer than 25 seconds the system will record the event and duration
Total lead cycle time must be completed in 5 minutes for 90% of lead volume between the business hours of 8AM CST to 8PM CST; then 3 minutes for 99% of lead volume during off business hours.
The leads washing functionality will validate all leads received by the web service for valid data
For each shot the product shall mark the shot as a hit or miss on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
For each shot the product shall notify the players whether the shot was a hit or miss.
For each shot the product shall examine the defensive grid of the defensive player to determine whether the shot was a hit or miss.
For each turn the product shall allow the offensive player to define a shot.
The product shall prevent the player from overlapping ships on their grid.
The product shall maintain the status of each player for a turn either offensive or defensive.
For each turn the product shall identify one player as offensive status and one player as defensive status.
When both players have positioned their 5 ships on their defensive grids the product shall define the status of each player for the first turn.
For each shot the product shall mark the shot as a hit or miss on the offensive grid of the offensive player.
The product shall allow the player to position ships diagonally on their grid
At the start of each turn the product shall notify each player of his or her status.
When the hit results in sinking a ship the product shall notify the players that the ship was sunk.
If the shot was marked as a miss the product shall change the status of the offensive player to defensive
When the hit results in sinking a ship the product shall indicate the type of ship sunk on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
When the hit results in sinking a ship the product shall mark the ship as sunk on the offensive grid of the offensive player.
If the shot was marked as a hit the product shall allow the offensive player to define a shot.
If the shot was marked as a miss the product shall change the status of the defensive player to offensive
The product shall continue to assign turns until the game is ended.
The product shall end a game when a hit by the offensive player results in sinking the last of the defensive player92s ships which had not been previously marked as sunk.
The product shall allow a player to end a game at any time during the game.
When a game is ended the product shall notify the players that the game is ended.
The notification of the game ending will include the reason the game is ended (i.e. a player has won the game or a player has ended the game).
When a game is ended the product shall allow each player to remove himself or herself from the list of players.
The product shall allow the player to position ships vertically on their grid.
When the hit results in sinking a ship the product shall mark the ship as sunk on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
The product shall allow a player to position ships horizontally on their grid.
When a game is ended the product shall allow each player to identify himself or herself as an available player in the list of players.
The product shall prevent a player from viewing the offensive or defensive grids of the other player.
Once a game is initiated the product shall allow each player to position their 5 ships on their respective defensive grids.
The product shall simulate the look of ships at sea.
The product shall display the grids within a circle as a view from a periscope.
The product shall display each type of ship in a grid using an image of the specific type of ship.
When the offensive player takes a shot the product shall simulate the sound of a ship at sea.
When a shot is marked as a miss the product shall simulate the sound of a shot missing its target.
When a shot is marked as a hit the product shall simulate the sound of a shot hitting its target.
When a ship is sunk the product shall simulate the sound of a sinking ship.
The product shall be available 24 hours per day seven days per week.
The product shall able to handle a large number of games simultaneously.
The product shall protect the identity of the players. The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player.
The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. Nine out ten users shall be able to successfully complete a game with no training.
The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player
Once a game is initiated the product shall display an offensive grid to each player.
Once a game is initiated the product shall display a defensive grid to each player
The product shall allow a player to initiate a game by selecting another available player from the list of players.
The product shall be available to players who understand English Spanish and French. The product shall allow the user to select the language upon accessing the product.
The product shall make inactive players unavailable for selection from the list of players.
The product shall remove players who have been inactive for 24 hours from the list of players.
Once a game has been initiated the product shall make the players assigned to the game unavailable for selection from the list of players.
The product shall allow a user to identify himself or herself as a player.
The product shall maintain a list of players.
The product shall allow a user to remove himself or herself from the list of players at any time.
The product shall be internet browser independent.The product must run using Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator.
The interface shall be appealing to callers and supervisors. In the interface and usability survey 80% of beta testers must report that the interface is appealing.
The interface shall have a simple look. In the interface and usability survey 90% of beta testers must report that the interface is adequately simple.
The product shall ensure that only supervisors can view schedule of all callers.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots.
The product shall ensure that only supervisors can enter a caller92s schedule.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots.
The system must be available for use between 7:00AM and 11:59PM all days of the year.
The product shall ensure that only supervisors can advertise empty time slots.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots.
On a 112k connection or faster the system response time for all operations must be no more than 3 seconds 90% of the time.
On a 56k connection the system response time for all operations must be no more than 6 seconds 90% of the time.
The system shall be responsive. At the DePaul TeleServices Center when a supervisor uses the system to view a callers schedule the system response time must be no more than 2 seconds 90% of the time and no more than 5 seconds the rest of the time.
The system shall be easy to learn by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors shall learn how to use the system within 10 minutes.
The system shall be easy to use by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors must be able to accomplish any system task within 2 minutes.
The system shall have high availability every day of the year.The system must be available for use between 12:00AM and 6:00PM all days of the year.
The product shall have audit capabilities.The product shall store messages for a minimum of one year for audit and transaction tracking purposes.
The product shall information Security. The product shall enable privacy by encryption WS-Security and Integrity Checking.
The product shall have security.The product shall provide authentication and authorization.
The product shall operate with every platform.The product shall accommodate any new technology without any change in its architecture.
The product shall be updated on a regular basis.The product will have a new major feature introduced every six months and quarterly maintenance releases every six months.
The product shall continue to operate during upgrade change or new resource addition.The product shall be able to continue to operate with no interruption in service due to new resource additions.
The product shall interface CSR and Datastream.The product shall exchange messages between CSR and EAM on a real time basis without any direct interfaces between two systems.
The product shall be platform independent.The product shall enable access to any type of development environment and platform.
The product shall be able to process all transactions.The product shall process minimum of 1 million transactions per year.
The product shall be robust.The product shall have fault avoidance based on standards adoption.
The product shall be robust with fault tolerance.The product shall have fault tolerance by using recovery technique compensatory transaction and routing around failures.
The product shall provide Dynamic Change Support and Transparent resource addition.The product shall support Transparent Resource addition and Dynamic Change support to provide scalability and avoid service interruptions of more than 1 day.
The product shall be available 99% of the time. Rationale: To avoid service interruption during busiest customer service response periods. The product shall be available 99.99% of the time for regular business days.
The product shall comply with City of Chicago Application Development Guide Framework.Application Development Framework will provide structured Graphical User Interface.
The product shall provide Monitoring Services.The product shall be easy for System Administrators and DBAs to use after two weeks of usage.
The product shall provide Error Tracking Services.The product shall help the System Administrators and DBAs to resolve transaction errors 99% of the time.
The product shall provide GUI based Monitoring Services.System Administrators shall monitor message exchanges will predict and determine problems and will also provide internal and external support.
The product shall provide Asynchronous Messaging.The product shall provide asynchronous messaging to enable parallel processing and reduce the overhead in communications
The product shall provide Multi-threading and Load Balancing.The product shall provide multi-threading technology as well as load balancing to overcome data load spikes and traffic.
The product shall process messages within 2 seconds.The product shall have a maximum message processing time of 2 seconds
The product shall poll the system for messages every second.The product shall poll the system for new messages at a maximum of every 1 second.
The product shall provide Portals.The product shall help System Administrators to analyze the transactions with ad-hoc reporting and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
The WCS system shall be available at all times as long as IBM92s internal intranet W3 is accessible. The WCS system will be available 95% of the time IBM92s internal intranet W3 is available.
The system shall only be accessed by authorized Corporate Community Grants (CCR) employees. Users must be authenticated using their IBM intranet user name and password.
All changes updates and additions to the WCS system shall be updated in the WCS Developer and WCS User Guides. Every change must be reflected in WCS system documentation
The WCS system must run queries to the WCS databases once again (on a specified day) to update the available data available to CCR users. Queries must be made to external databases for data refresh once a week.
The Brio portion of the WCS system must be able to export files in spreadsheet form (Microsoft Excel and Lotus 1-2-3 formats). Brio will provide buttons in the user interface that produce/export reports in .xls or .123 file formats.
The WCS system shall be run in a Windows environment. The WCS shall be accessed by users through the Internet on an IBM computer running a Windows 2000 or above operating system.
The WCS system shall not allow automatic logins by any user. Cookies containing WCS login information about a user will not be stored on a user92s computer.
The WCS system shall have the ability to connect other designated WCS databases currently not included in the system.
The WCS system shall use appropriate nomenclature and terminology as defined by the Corporate Community Grants organization. All interfaces and reports will undergo usability tests by CCR users.
The WCS system shall have the ability to include data for regions outside the United States and be accessed by users outside of the United States if approved by CCR management.
A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time. After one use a user should understand and remember 90% of the system usage and navigation.
Reports must be easy to generate. Reports must be generated within one button click and exported within one button click (after selecting the report)
The interface shall be easy to use. 90% of users should be able to successfully use the system to generate a report on their first use. The interface should adhere to IBM usability standards.
The system must use a point and click interface. 100% of all selection and navigation functionality must be able to be activated/selected by either a mouse or a keyboard
The interface must summarize the data in a fashion that92s appealing to CCR management. Every report type must have at least one high level summary shown in the results dashboard/interface
The system interface will use CCR nomenclature. The system must use the same nomenclature used in the existing WCS system and reports
The system shall be displayable on any work computer a CCR user may have. The system interface shall be formatted to display at 800 by 600 pixel resolution.
The system shall use IBM and CCR branding standards. The interface must have one IBM logo and one CCR logo.
All CCR users shall receive training before the WCS system is deployed. One training session will be held for 100% of CCR users before system deployment (based on a CCR user being available)
New System version releases shall be released at the beginning of each NFL season.
Application updates shall occur between 3AM and 6 AM CST on Wednesday morning during the middle of the NFL season.
A secondary database will be used to store historical statistics and data.
A primary database will be used to store cached data for active users.
The application shall have a downtime of at most 10 minutes per year.
The application shall be able to complete every user transaction within one fourth of a second of receiving the request over the network.
The application shall ask the user to confirm dropping a player or trading a player before performing the action.
The application shall run on a web application server.
Users shall be able to reach the 91add92 91drop92 and 91trade player92 pages with one click from the team owner92s page.
A new user shall be able to navigate through the league and team pages within 30 seconds of reaching the start-up page.
The message board shall contain the 5 most recently posted messages on the league page. The messages will contain up to the first 150 characters of the message.
Each page shall contain a similar format with action items in one location and navigation buttons in a different location.
Each page shall contain a navigation menu which shows the index into which the current page is contained.
The Commissioner will be the only authorized user per league to adjust league settings.
Each team owner will need to use a username and password in order to be authenticated to reach the team owner92s page
Users shall be able to view at least 25 NFL player statistics and points on each page.
The product interface should be fast. The response time of the product interface should not exceed 2 seconds 90% of the time. For 10% of the time the response time should not be more than 10 seconds.not be more than 10 seconds.
The users should be able to easily use the system to successfully complete their budgets within the stipulated time for completion. With a week of training prior to product implementation 98% of the users shall complete their budgets within the stipulated time.
The intranet pages should display appropriately in all resolutions from 800x600 and higher. The display of all the pages will be correct in 95% of the resolutions prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected within a week of notification of the incorrect display.
The product must comply with the intranet page standards and requirements of ENET Securities. 95% of the product look & feel will be approved by the Architecture group prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected and approved within one month of product release.
User access should be limited to the permissions granted to their role(s) Each level in the PCG hierarchy will be assigned a role and users will be assigned to these roles. Access to functionality within RFS system is dependent on the privileges/permission assigned to the role..
Only authorized user shall access the RFS system. ONLY users that exist in the UAS system with the RFS system assigned to their role(s) shall access the RFS system and use it.
Changes to revenue and expense formulae must be applied to the RFS system every year prior to the budgeting process start. Revenue and expense formulae will be updated within one week of their receipt after which 2 weeks will be allotted to testing of the budget calculations to be conducted jointly by the project development team and PCG Finance.
The RFS system should be able to easily interface with the BDW environment in order to load the data. 95 7 data files shall be received from the BDW and loaded into the RFS system within 3 hours one day prior to the start of budgeting process every year. The data will be as of October month-end. Test files (7) shall be loaded up to 5 times throughout the year from the BDW.
98% of the user workstations shall meet the minimum software requirements prior to implementation: Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0. Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1. Microsoft Internet Explorer Web Controls
98% of the user workstations shall meet the minimum hardware requirements prior to implementation. Minimum Hard Disk Space: 400MB.
The RFS system should be available 24/7 especially during the budgeting period. The RFS system shall be available 90% of the time all year and 98% during the budgeting period. 2% of the time the system will become available within 1 hour of the time that the situation is reported.
New branches/complexes/districts/regions and revenue/expense accounts added to the BDW must be reflected in the RFS system. 100% of the entities (mentioned above) available as of October month-end will be loaded into the RFS system prior to the budget start process.
The system shall have a help system that offers tips and explanation for each screen and each item on the screens upon demand.
The system search feature should support the use of regular expressions in search.
The system shall allow a text search that users may use to find mail messages.
The system shall display and embed in each message a date/timestamp of when the message was sent.
The system shall use a text-based interface to display a listing of available mail.
The system shall operate on Unix and Windows operating systems.
The system shall support the ability to perform a send only operation.
The system shall be evoked by typing pine into a command or shell prompt.
The system shall support the ability to perform a receive only operation.
The system shall support the ability to perform a send and receive operation.
The system shall use the SMTP mail protocol.
The system shall provide an option to withdraw money.
The system shall query the user for the amount of money.
The system shall query the user for the account type.
The system shall validate the amount is a multiple of $20.
The system shall debit the users account upon withdrawal of funds.
The system shall be able to issue a specific amount of money to the user.
The system shall validate the amount is available in the users account before releasing funds to the user.
A meeting scheduler system will inform the potential meeting participant of the meeting.
The meeting scheduler system may be able to include an agenda for a meeting proposal.
A meeting scheduler system will temporarily reserve the time slots for the proposed meeting.
The meeting scheduler system may be able to include a list of required equipment for a meeting proposal.
The meeting scheduler system may suggest a virtual meeting for available time slots if no location is available or feasible for the meeting.
The meeting scheduler system may (optionally) automatically propose another meeting if current meeting is canceled by an important participant.
The meeting scheduler shall be accessed from the Web.
The meeting scheduler system shall reschedule a meeting to support conflict resolutions.
The meeting scheduler system shall cancel a meeting due to canceling of an important participant.
The meeting scheduler system shall be able to select a participant as an important participant.
The meeting scheduler system may provide the meeting initiator a summary of the scan of potential meeting participants showing available time slots and schedule conflicts as a means of informing the meeting initiator of the overall results of the system.
The system must be easy to use by both managers and chefs such that they do not need to read an extensive amount of manuals.
The system must be quickly accessible by both managers and chefs.
The system must be intuitive and simple in the way it displays all relevant data and relationships.
The menus of the system must be easily navigable by the users with buttons that are easy to understand.
All the functions of the system must be available to the user every time the system is turned on.
The calculations performed by the system must comply according to the norms set by the user and should not vary unless explicitly changed by the user.
The client should agree to EULA before using our software.
Only users who have been authorized for home access to the corporate Intranet may use the COS from non-company locations.
The system shall permit only cafeteria staff members who are on the list of authorized Menu Managers to create or edit menus.
Users shall be required to log in to the Cafeteria Ordering System for all operations except viewing a menu.
Patrons shall log in according to the restricted computer system access policy.
The system shall display confirmation messages to users within 4 seconds after the user submits information to the system.
Responses to queries shall take no longer than 7 seconds to load onto the screen after the user submits the query.
All Web pages generated by the system shall be fully downloadable in no more than 10 seconds over a 40KBps modem connection.
All network transactions that involve financial information or personally identifiable information shall be encrypted.
Programmers and application developers will have access to source code to address bugs or system enhancements as deemed necessary. Network Administrator and DBA support is also required to maintain a 24x7 system uptime.
System security and access levels are provided in the online system. There are varying levels of system access and functional authority. Each students access is limited to his/her own registration records. Only authorized system administrator(s) has access to all student registration records.
The online registration system is self-service style system that shall initially address the student registration needs.
All data entry forms for the application should match their Microsoft Excel hardcopy counterparts as closely as possible. Hardcopies of these forms were provided to the design team during the second requirements interview.
Changes made to the Manage My ID website can be adopted without altering the iOS application.
95% of users will not need to read the user manual to be able to use the application.
The application should be connected to the Internet.
The application should be connected to the GPS device.
The application should be easy to extend. The code should be written in a way that it favors implementation of new functions.
Test environments should be built for the application to allow testing of the applications different functions.
The application should be portable with iOS and Android.
The system shall provide a way to return to the startup screen.
The campus map shall have a pause/resume button. The pause and resume button will allow the user to scroll and select other buildings without being interrupted by the automatic search and announce feature.
The campus map shall provide visual clues regarding what areas have prepared audio and therefore may be selected.
The system shall allow the user to scroll the campus map from the campus map tab.
The system shall show a tabbed display (or equivalent functionality) with the campus map on one tab and info on the most recently announced building on the other.
It should generate a report about registered complaint to the admin and response report to the user who has submitted his queries.
The system should maintain correct schedules of labs and the documentation of all the lab equipment.
A surface computer shall not require a user to log in.
A display shall not require a user to log in.
A waiter that attempts to log into a second tablet while already logged into another tablet shall be rejected and notified through both tablets.
A waiter shall only be able to log into one tablet at any given instance of time.
A waiter password used for tablet login must be changed every three months.
The system shall flag tablets that fail to send timely keep-alive messages as non-operational and disassociate the assigned waiter from the tablet.
A tablet shall require a user to log in using a username and password.
The system shall utilise periodic 30-second keep-alive messages between tablets and the server to monitor tablet operational status.
The system shall be able to display a menu at all times to facilitate manual order taking should the need arise.
The system shall be capable of restoring itself to its previous state in the event of failure (e.g. a system crash or power loss).
The system should use the company colors and logos.
A waiter password used for tablet login must have a bit-strength of at least 64 bits.
The system will support mobile users in some way.
The system will fully function in major browsers.
Responses to view information shall take no longer than 5 seconds to appear on the screen.
The system shall accommodate large data items without fault.
System will use secured database.
Unauthorised users can only read data without modifying anything.
ABS shall handle all expected and unexpected errors in ways that prevent loss in information and long downtime period.
Information transmission should be securely transmitted to server without any changes in information.
Enable the admin to generate reports which contains all the posts and their corresponding replies.
Provide an interface for the admin to approve posts so that posts are not visible without admin approval.
Enable a logged in user to up vote and down vote answers.
Enable a logged in user to post answers.
Be intuitive even to first time users
Enable a user to view questions and their corresponding answers.
Enable a registered user to view his profile. Additional information viz. questions asked by him and answers posted by him are also displayed.
Enable a registered user to change his password if he forgets his password.
Enable new users to register to the tech support system.
Authenticate and Login user to the web app.
Enable a logged in user to ask questions.
Detailed documentation of the code and SRS will enable easy maintenance of the Flea Market.
User passwords will be stored in the database in an encrypted format.
The IP addresses where the transaction was made from will be logged.
Most of the system functions will be controlled using the administrative interface.
All transactions at the Flea Market require a valid user ID and password.
Flea Market system will interface with the web server and RDBMS software using APIs provided by the implementation language
Secure data transfer over the Internet could be provided using SSL encryption that will be configured by the host system administrator.
It must allow a user to logout.
Each account must have a separate identifying account number.
Each account must securely store all of its data.
A user must be logged on to be able to view or edit any medical information.
Full data backups must be created daily.
Logout must be automatic after 1 hour of inactivity.
It must allow a user to download a backup of their medical information.
All information must be updatable on the website.
All information must be viewable on the website.
It must allow a user to login.
It must be able to change and update information on the server.
The user must be able to set an option to hide information based on who has tagged it.
It should give a drill-down view of all data in the medical record after logging in.
A correct combination of username and password is required for a user to login.
The application must log the user out when it is exited.
The user must be able to add photos from his/her photo library to his/her medical record.
It must only update the parts that have changed when connecting to the server.
It must store the most recent copy of information in its application data folder.
It must be able to download the most recent medical record.
Information should be tagged according to who is entering the data.
Information recorded must include an optional field for context.
The website is available whenever the users want to use it.
The system should have to keep the location where the doughnut will be send.
The system should require the user to state time when should the doughnut be delivered.
The system should ask the user to key in the pickup date.
The system should keep the customer contact number.
The system should keep the customer email.
The system shall give the user an opportunity for the user to choose the selection of doughnut provided.
The system shall allow user to decorate their doughnut.
The system shall allow user to choose their preferable topping.
The system shall allow user to choose filling that they want.
The system should take the customer name.
The systems back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
The system use SSL (secured socket layer) in all transactions that include any confidential customer information.
The system must automatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity.
The system should not leave any cookies on the customers computer containing the users password.
Sensitive data will be encrypted before being sent over insecure connections like the internet.
The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover.
The reliability of the overall program depends on the reliability of the separate components. The main pillar of reliability of the system is the backup of the database which is continuously maintained and updated to reflect the most recent changes.
An end-user may use this system on any OS; either it is Windows or Linux.
The system will develop a security system that will reduce to the minimum the possibility of corruption from systems and/or humans.
The Web interface should be compatible with standards in order to be usable via all major Web browsers in a wide variety of environments.
Everyone (stakeholders and guests) can have access to the system and the catalogue. Every client must have secure and private access to his/her data. The and the service man can have access to every part of the system. All these accesses (except the guest tour access) require identification through ID and password.
The system should need to be entirely self-supporting since the users would be using it only to register courses.
The system should be able to manage all the information incoming from the database and the catalogue.
The product is Web based therefore it will be used in any environment that allows Web access.
The logo and the current basic design of registration system should be displayed. The system should be attractive according to the clients. The design and the color should make users feel comfortable when using the system instead of flashing useless colors on the screen. The design should also reflect the seriousness of the environment.
For the system to successfully operate the registration system should be integrated with other IT services and the portal.
The Operational Interface shall have a Mean Time Between Failures of no less than 7 days.
The system shall be available 99.5% of the time.
The software system needs a robust security mechanism in place so that unauthorized users are not allowed access to parts of the system.
Each user shall either be trusted or not trusted.
All source code and development related documents shall be controlled under a version control system.
All source code shall adhere to an agreed upon and well-defined set of coding standards for each development language used.
Since the software must run on several popular hardware platforms and the goal is to achieve a reasonable level of platform independence.
Every user of the software is provided a unique login ID and a password which is stored in the database hashed by SHA2 algorithm.
The software is available for use from the supermarket opening time to the closing time.
High level of performance requires high speed network and high level of connectivity.
The available server must be reliable and the network connectivity in the supermarket should be proper for smooth flow of all operations and data.
Vendors must take permission from the Administrator for selling their products under the site. Administrator will test products quality according to its market price to permit vendor for selling purpose.
Consult with the Administrator about the payment details of the customers for the updating of the database.
Responsible for contacting the banks for the validation of the a/c number provided by the customer while purchasing and make the transaction from the given a/c.
Keep track of all the payment transactions made by the customers and update the payment information.
Responsible for managing stocks of each product items.
Taking permission from the Administrator for the product to be purchased from vendor.
Provide feasible solutions to the customers on their complaints and queries.
Responsible for informing administrator when any product items stock goes under the minimum level.
Keep track of each product items stocks for selling purpose.
Responsible for properly allocating the selected product according to the customers choice and delivering product to the customer.
View the personal details of the customer.
Can consult with the Administrator regarding products quality and advertisements.
Can only visit the site without registration.
Control the database and keep track of all records of customers and employee details.
Can give feedback to the 24X7 Customer Care Service center about their impression for the site and services.
The system shall accommodate high number of items and users without any fault.
System use shall not cause any harm to human users.
System will use secured database
Normal users can just read information but they cannot edit or modify anything except their personal and some other information.
System will have different types of users and every user has access constraints.
Customer must logout of the site after purchasing products.
View the details of all employees and control the whole site.
Customers must have a valid login id to enter into the site.
New users can sign up by creating new ID.
Can view all available products and can compare them and make a choice for purchasing products.
Can purchase any product through valid credit card.
Contact with the vendors and give permission to sell their product under the site after testing the products quality.
The system should require the user to state time when should the doughnut be delivered
The system should be simple to use
The system should warn ECA users about the malfunction of the system.
To prevent attacks the system should generate random word and ask the user to enter it correctly for multiple tryings.
All the passwords that are generated or accepted must be stored in database in an encrypted form.
The data transaction between client and server must be encrypted using SSL technology.
The system is expected to have reasonable short time response. The voter should be able to login and should be able to get response for his requests in 2-3 seconds.
New and Delete buttons will allow the physician/pharmacist to add a notation to the patients file.
The text and time/date of a note that has been entered is displayed starting with most recent.
A description and time/date of each prescription that has been ordered or given is displayed starting with most recent.
Customized information is displayed.
Basic Patient information is showed first.
Icons will clearly illustrate the feature it represents.
Navigation to each selected tab.
Each entry is shown in full.
The font will be larger enough for easy reading.
Selected or specified patients information is loaded.
Backspace/reset capability is implemented for typing errors.
An error message alerts when an invalid patient is entered.
A list of available patients is displayed after login.
A failed login will alert the physician/pharmacist.
The physician/pharmacist must have a valid user login to access the system.
Return to List is available if the patient loaded is not correct.
The system shall be compatible with the Microsoft Windows Operating System.
All login attempts shall be done so in a secure manner.
All users of the system shall login using some form of unique identification.
The system shall allow the user to change the password.
The system shall allow the user to view past attended meetings.
The system shall allow the user to view pending meetings.
The system shall allow the user to modify the date exclusion set of an already submitted meeting response.
The system shall show the meetings to the user in ascending time order by default.
The system shall allow users to view equipment information.
The system shall allow users to view other users information.
The system shall allow user to specify custom meeting locations.
The system shall allow the user to modify the equipment requirement set of an already submitted meeting response.
The system shall allow users to search for available distributed location templates(if any).
The system shall allow users to view information concerning the available distributed location templates(if any).
The web application shall add no more than 5 seconds of perceivable overhead time to any necessary web and database transaction time.
The system shall utilize HTTPS communication to ensure data confidentiality.
Personal information security is defined outside the scope of the SDMS by the database server.
Users shall be required to log into the system for all operations except the operations on the login page.
The system shall run on Windows Server 2003.
The system shall be compatible with IIS6.0 and above or Apache 2.0 and above.
The system shall allow users to view location information.
User authentication and privileges are defined outside the scope of the sytem by the Microsoft Active Directroy Server.
The system shall allow the user to modify the date preference set of an already submitted meeting response.
The system shall request a user response to initiator or mediator messages.
The system shall allow the administrator to remove equipment.
The system shall allow the administrator to install additional distributed location templates.
The system shall allow the administrator to remove physical locations.
The system shall allow administrators to define negotiation rules for the organization.
The system shall give the mediator privileges to schedule location and equipment resources.
The system shall allow the user to modify the location preference set of an already submitted meeting response.
The system shall allow the mediator to solve a date conflict.
The system shall allow the mediator to negotiate a location / equipment.
The system shall allow the mediator to negotiate a meeting date.
The system shall allow the mediator to send and receive messages from users.
The system shall allow the initiator to view the information of any meetings which they initiated.
The system shall allow the initiator to cancel any meetings which they initiated.
The system shall allow the initiator to send and receive messages from users.
The system shall authenticate users at the beginning each session.
The system shall allow the user to view their schedule.
The system shall notify the user of any schedule changes.
The system shall allow users to send and receive messages.
The system shall allow the mediator to solve a location conflict.
The system shall allow user to select available promotion.
The system shall display all the available promotions to the user.
The system shall allow user to view detailed sitemap.
The system shall notify the use about the financing request.
The system shall allow user to select the financing option.
The system shall display all the available financing options.
The system shall enable the user to enter their reviews and ratings.
The system shall display the current tracking information about the order.
The system shall allow user to cancel the order.
The system shall allow user to select the order to be changed.
The system shall display the orders that are eligible to change.
The system shall allow user to select the payment method for order.
The system shall display available payment methods for payment.
The system shall display tax information for the order.
The system shall calculate tax for the order.
The system shall allow user to confirm the purchase.
The system shall notify the user about any changes made to the order.
The system shall enable user to enter the payment information.
The product shall take initial load time depending on internet connection strength which also depends on the media from which the product is run.
The system shall provide a digital image for each product in the product catalog.
The system shall allow user to enter the order information for tracking.
The systems back-end databases shall be encrypted.
The systems back-end servers shall never display a customers password. The customers password may be reset but never shown.
The customers web browser shall never display a customers credit card number after retrieving from the database. It shall always be shown with just the last 4 digits of the credit card number.
The customers web browser shall never display a customers password. It shall always be echoed with special characters representing typed characters.
The system shall not leave any cookies on the customers computer containing any of the users confidential information.
The system shall not leave any cookies on the customers computer containing the users password.
The system shall provide a uniform look and feel between all the web pages.
The system shall automatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity.
The performance shall depend upon hardware components of the client/customer.
The product shall be based on web and has to be run from a web server.
The system shall provide a contractual agreement with an internet service provider who can provide 99.999% availability through their network facilities onto the internet.
The system shall provide a contractual agreement with an internet service provider for T3 access with 99.9999% availability.
The system shall provide multi language support.
The system shall provide handicap access.
The system shall provide use of icons and toolbars.
The system shall use secure sockets in all transactions that include any confidential customer information.
The system shall display tentative duration for shipping.
The system shall confirm all transactions with the customers web browser.
The system shall enable user to select the shipping method during payment process.
The system shall allow user to create profile and set his credential.
The system shall notify the user when no matching product is found on the search.
The system shall enable user to navigate between the search results.
The system shall display only 10 matching result on the current screen.
The system shall display all the matching products based on the search.
The system shall enable user to enter the search text on the screen.
The system shall display detailed product categorization to the user.
The system shall authenticate user credentials to view the profile.
The system shall provide browsing options to see product details.
The system shall display the shipping charges.
The system shall allow user to confirm the completion of current configuration.
The system shall notify the user about any conflict in the current configuration.
The system shall enable user to add one or more component to the configuration.
The system shall display all the available components of the product to configure.
The system shall allow user to select the product to configure.
The system shall display all the products that can be configured.
The system shall display detailed information of the selected products.
The system shall allow user to update the profile information.
The system shall enable user to select multiple options on the screen to search.
The system shall allow user to select the order from the order history.
The system shall display different shipping options provided by shipping department.
The system shall display both the active and completed order history in the customer profile.
The system shall provide shopping cart during online purchase.
The system shall optionally allow user to print the invoice.
The system shall display detailed invoice for current order once it is confirmed.
The system shall send an order confirmation to the user through email.
The system shall maintain customer email information as a required part of customer profile.
The system shall display the FAQs upon request.
The system shall allow user to add/remove products in the shopping cart.
The system shall allow user to enter the contact number for support personnel to call.
The system shall display the customer support contact numbers on the screen.
The system shall allow user to enter the customer and product information for the support.
The system shall allow user to select the support type he wants.
The system shall allow user to register for newsletters and surveys in the profile.
The system shall display the most frequently searched items by the user in the profile.
The system shall display the detailed information about the selected order.
The system shall display the online help upon request.
The system shall allow the user to register for an account from any page in the system.
The system will use a single password per user to login to the E-Store System.
The system shall use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to ensure all payments made online and user logins are secure.
The system should be easy enough to maintain that someone else could do it with a manual and a few hours training.
It should not take more than 90 seconds for a registered user to place an order.
It should not take more than 120 seconds for a new user to register for an account.
The user interface of the system should be very user friendly.
A secure server will be required to ensure confidentiality of customers credit card and other details.
Any page of the application should not take more than 6 seconds to load on a DSL broadband connection.
The system should be able to scale up to 500 concurrent users (if there is a need in the future) by installing additional hardware components.
The application should be able to support 100 concurrent users without any performance degradation.
The system may be throttled or slowed down on heavy loads to ensure service for everybody. By throttling is meant that certain functionality may be unavailable during heavy server load.
The system should be portable to various operating environments.
The MTBF (if any) should not be less than 2 months.
The system shall support up to 10000 simultaneous users against the central database at any given time and up to 5000 simultaneous users against the local servers at any one time. The performance of the website must be optimal incase of huge loads and hence appropriate load balancing must be done to achieve this. There can be any number of mirror servers readily available in case of huge loads without the user getting any delay.
The website must provide highest degree of security to the registered users. All the transactions that are made must be secured. The sensitive information passed to and from the website must be secured. Identity theft and other security related issues must be solved. Unauthorized transmission of sensitive information of the user to third party websites for reference must be avoided. On the basis of user agreement the information must be processed. All the information about the registered user must be securely stored in the central database.
Registered User must be able to maintain his/her session information for at least 60 minutes of inactive session before the system prompts him to log out of the system. The registered user must be provided with all the options of the E-store regardless of the time when he/she logs in.
The entire website must be user-friendly and easily navigable. The website must be provided with a site map for quick access to a particular link according to the requirement specification. The user must be able to find what he/she wants from the site without any difficulty. The website must adhere to branding schemes and the layout of the web pages must be uniform throughout
The System must be able to retrieve and display within 20 seconds the case which has not been accessed within the previous 2 months, regardless of storage capacity or number of cases in the system. This requirement is intended to allow for cases where cases used infrequently are stored on slower media than more active records.
Text pages containing large proportions of links should be formatted so that the presence of links does not impede the readability of the text.
Within-page links should be clearly distinguishable from other links that lead to a different page. EX. Within-page links are shown with dashed rather than solid underlines
Text presented on the pages should be readable taking into account the expected display characteristics and spatial arrangement. ISO 9241-303 shall be consulted for screen text legibility requirements.
Fast skimming of text should be supported by the provision of clear links, bulleted lists, highlighted keywords, logical headings, and short phrases and sentences.
The reading and understanding of the textual content on the screen should be supported by suitable means, including the use of short sentences, the division of the text into shorter chunks or the presentation of content items in the form of bullet points.
The quality of textual content with respect to spelling and grammar should be sufficient so as not to impede readability.
Making text resizable by the user: Text should be able to be resized by the user, using functions provided by the user agent or other appropriate means i.e. see ISO 9241-171.
When designing user interfaces for use by diverse groups, input and output of information elements such as currency, units of measurement, temperatures, date and time, phone numbers, address or postal codes should be designed so that they are usable.
The content of error messages shown on the pages or special error pages should clearly state the reason why the error occurred and, if possible, actions the user can take to resolve the error. Users expect error messages to be in the same language as the user interface.
Potential user errors as well as the effort needed to recover from errors should be minimized.
Application pages should be designed and implemented so that there are acceptable opening times and download times for the expected range of technical contexts of use (e.g. bandwidth between the application and the user). This is particularly important for frequently accessed pages or pages that are important for user navigation and exploration, such as the home page.
The System must be able to retrieve and display within 5-8 seconds the case which has been accessed within the previous 2 months, regardless of storage capacity or number of cases in the system. This requirement is intended to allow for rapid retrieval of frequently-used cases, on the understanding that frequency of use is typically correlated with recent use.
User interfaces should be designed to be as robust as possible in the face of changing technology. This encompasses being able to present content containing newer technologies by older user agents as well as designing content to be usable with future technologies.
Vertical scrolling should be minimized. This may be done by placing important information at the top and providing links to information that is further down the page. Horizontal scrolling should be avoided wherever possible.
Avoiding opening unnecessary windows: Additional windows such as new browser windows or pop-up windows should only be opened if this supports the users task. Opening new windows can distract, confuse or impede users for a variety of reasons. They can superimpose the primary window, hiding relevant information.
Splash screens should be avoided unless they provide useful content or feedback about the application state to the user. If a splash screen is used, a navigation option to skip it should be offered.
Minimizing navigation effort: The number of navigation steps needed to reach a certain piece of content should be minimized as long as different mental models, navigation strategies and tasks of the user are taken into account.
Offering alternative access paths: Alternative access paths for navigating to a specific unit of content should be offered to support different navigation strategies.
Showing users where they are: Each presentation segment (page or window) should provide the user with a clear and sufficient indication of where he or she is in the navigation structure and of the current segment position with respect to the overall structure.
Making navigation self-descriptive: Navigation should be designed to help users understand where they are, where they have been and where they can go next. General guidance on achieving self-descriptiveness is given in ISO 9241-110.
Providing text equivalents for non-text media objects: All non-text media objects, such as graphical images or video, should be provided with alternative equivalent textual descriptions and/or with equivalent text-based functionality.
The user interfaces of the system should comply with Standard ISO 9241.
The user interfaces should be designed to make them user intuitive;
The System be scaleable and must not have any features which would preclude use in small or large police stations, with varying numbers of cases handled.
Navigation links  particularly links representing the main navigation structure  should be labelled with terms that are familiar to the user, based on his/her general knowledge, prior experience in the application domain or experience of using other systems.
Designing for input device independence: User interfaces should be designed to allow activation of controls by a variety of input devices. The ability to choose between different input devices for activating controls such as links, fields and buttons is important both for users who prefer a certain input mode, mobile users and users with disabilities. In general, device independence can be achieved if the functionality is operable via a keyboard.
The target or purpose of a link should be directly indicated by its label, avoiding generic labels such as go or click here except where the purpose of the link is clear from its context on the page or the labels have commonly understood semantics in the particular application domain. Using appropriate terminology specific to the users tasks and information needs is important for making the content easy to understand.
Navigation links should be clearly distinguishable from controls activating some action. Typical action types in user interfaces include manipulating application data, performing searches, communication actions, such as opening a new e-mail window or starting a chat function, and Hpresentation-related actions, such as sorting a list of search results.
The System must be able to perform a simple search within 5-8 seconds and a advanced search (multiple search criteria) within 10-15 seconds regardless of the storage capacity or number of cases in the system. In this context, performing a search means returning a result list. It does not include retrieving the records themselves.
In the event of any software or hardware failure, it must be possible to restore the System (with inline synchronization) within no more than (xx) hours.
The number of incidents of unplanned downtime for the System must not exceed (x) per (rolling three month period).
Unplanned downtime for the System must not exceed (xx hours/minutes) per (rolling three month period).
The System is considered to be down if any user is unable to perform any normal System function and if this failure is attributed to any component of the System other than the workstation.
The planned downtime for the System must not exceed (xx) hours per (rolling three month period).
The System must be available to users: from (xx:00) to (xx:00), on (all weekdays/xxx days per year);
The user interfaces of the system should follow the guidelines specified under www.usability.gov.
If user-specified profiles are used, users should be able to see, modify and delete that profile on demand.
If predefined user profiles or user-specified profiles are used for individualizing or adapting content, the profile currently used should be made evident. If profiles are used, it is important to provide users with information about this concept and its implications.
It should be made evident to the user when individualization and/or adaptation are used.
When providing different access paths or navigation structures for different user groups, the tasks and information needs of these user groups should be taken into consideration.
Adapting the content and the navigation of a user interface to individual users or user groups can be a useful mechanism for providing information that is of interest to the users and for making access to relevant information more efficient. User adaptation can also be important for making the user interface more accessible. Different approaches can be used for achieving these goals, like providing users with means for customizing the user interface to their personal needs i.e. individualization designing content and navigation differently for varying user groups or roles i.e. such as employees of different levels, citizens etc, monitoring the users behaviour and adapting to the users goals that are inferred from the behaviour observed, recommending information that is potentially more relevant or interesting to the specific user, based on the behaviour of all users or a user group.
Navigation components should be placed consistently on the pages or in the framesets in the pages of the application.
If navigation components (or overviews) are shown in conjunction with associated content, consistency between the navigation component and the content shown should be maintained by indicating in the navigation component (e.g. highlighting) the topic currently visible in the content area.
A separate navigation overview such as a site map should be provided for application showing the structure of the site in an overview form.
Linking back to the home page or landmark pages: Each page should contain a link leading to the home page of the application or to a landmark page that is easy to recognize for the user.
Observing principles of human perception When designing application pages, the general principles of human perception should be taken into account. The International Standards mentioned below shall be consulted for guidance. Practical guidelines for presenting information to the user are to be found in ISO 9241-12. Guidance on selecting and using different forms of interaction techniques is to be found in ISO 9241-14 to ISO 9241-17. ISO 9241-14 gives guidance about menus, ISO 9241-15 about command dialogues, ISO 9241-16 about direct manipulation and ISO 9241-17 about forms. In addition, when designing multimedia information presentations, the design principles and recommendations described in ISO 14915-1 to ISO 14915-3 should be taken into account. Appropriate content presentation also plays a key role in accessibility.
Placing title information consistently: Page titles should be placed in a consistent location on the different pages.
Consistent page layout: Pages should be designed using consistent layout schemes, supporting the user in finding similar information at the same position on different pages. Overall layout schemes apply to all pages and are preferable when all pages have a similar structure. Frequently, however, different pages have different purposes and types of content. In such cases, pages can usually be grouped in different categories, using one layout scheme for each category consistently.
If frames are used, an alternative way of presenting relevant information without frames should be provided. Providing alternative text-only pages: When style sheets and/or frames are turned off it should be possible for the user to read and understand the page; alternatively, the user should be provided with an equivalent alternative text-only page.
Colour should be used with care, taking into account human capabilities and restrictions in perceiving colour, and not as the only means of conveying information. Color should never be the only means of coding. Some users may have difficulties in perceiving certain colors or color combinations (color-blindness).
The length of a page should be selected so as to support the primary purpose and use of the page. Short pages are generally more appropriate for homepages, navigation pages, or overview pages that need to be read quickly. Longer pages can be more appropriate when users want to read the content without interruptions or when the page needs to match a paper counterpart.
White space on a page i.e. space filled only with the background color should be used in such a way that it does not impair the visual skimming of the page. While white space is an important means of visually organizing the different content elements on a page, if the distance between the blocks of information displayed becomes too large, rapid skimming of the page can be impeded.
If a document is either too long, dispersed over several pages or in a specific layout that is not suitable for online reading, a printer-friendly version of the document should be provided that prints the content in a form acceptable to the user (e.g. in the expected layout, paper format, or orientation).
Links that open new browser windows or pop-up windows should be clearly marked.
The System must provide adequate response times for commonly performed functions under both standard and peak conditions;
ICT accessibility: ISO 9241-20 shall be the standard for guidance on ICT accessibility. Application user interfaces to meet its requirements and recommendations. Software accessibility ISO 9241-171 shall be the standard for guidance on software accessibility. User interfaces should meet its requirements and recommendations. Content accessibility WCAG 1.0 shall be the standard used for guidance on content accessibility. The application logo to be available on all pages as a link to the home page.
Frequently-executed System transactions must be designed so that they can be completed with a small number of interactions (e.g. mouse clicks).
The help should be accessible to the users both in the offline and online mode;
The solution should provide detailed context-sensitive help material for all the possible actions and scenarios on all user interfaces in the application;
The system should ensure high scalability and performance through: Use of cache for storing frequent data, Use of AJAX based technology to improve user experience. Aggressive page loading to be considered based on the screen and estimate usage pattern, Leverage Asynchronous HTTP socket capabilities of web server for scalability and performance, Host all the static content (documents, images) on the web server, The search results should be fetched from the database in batches of 10 or 20 maximum as configured within the application, Display of records on the screen in batches/paged manner, The search should fetch only the fields that need to be displayed to the user. Only when the user clicks on a particular record to view its further details should a query be fired to fetch the additional details for this particular record only, A hierarchical cache should be configured and used for caching of results of most;
The system should ensure high standards of security and access control through: Prevent cross-site scripting, Validate the incoming data / user request, Encode the incoming data / user request, Prevent SQL Injection, Utilize parameterized queries, Sanitize the user-inputs, Validate the data both at the client and server, Do not allow hard delete and perform only soft tagging the row for deletion;
The system should ensure secure transmission of data over the network and utilize SSL and 2-way digital signatures;
The system should support selective encryption of the stored data;
The system should run on multiple browsers;
The system should use HTTPS as the communication protocol, i.e., HTTP over an encrypted secure socket layer (SSL);
The system should support secure virtual private network connections;
The system should support SSL encrypted connections;
The system should have capability to support public access to a subset of data and functionality;
The system must support multiple types of communication services for remote access;
The solution should provide an interface for the user to log any defects or enhancement requests on the application and track thereafter.
The system should be designed for access through browser-based systems and must impose minimal requirements on the client device;
The system should be extensible to provide access to the interfaces through PDAs and mobile data terminals;
The system should be designed to have a n-tier architecture with the presentation logic separated from the business logic that is again separated from the data-access logic;
The system should be developed to be deployed in a 3-tier datacenter architecture;
The system should be developed for a centralized deployment and maintenance;
The system should be built on a common User Access and Authentication Service to ensure Single-Sign on for the end-user;
The system should be developed on Open Standards;
The system should be implemented using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and have a modular design;
The system should be designed to have satisfactory performance even in Police Stations connected on low-bandwidth;
The system should work even in an offline mode with the critical functionality;
The system should be designed in manner that operational data is not lost in case of any failure of equipment or communication network;
The system should support multilingual interface;
Where the System employs a graphical user interface, it must allow users to customise it. Customisation should include, but need not be limited to the following changes: menu contents, layout of screens, use of function keys, on-screen colours, fonts and font sizes.
The system should adopt standardized formats and common metadata elements;
The solution should send alerts (e.g., email, SMS) to the user if the user chooses to whenever any action has been taken on the alert
The system should support multi-tier authentication where required;
The solution should enable the help-desk user to view the reports on the submitted defects or enhancement requests category-wise, status-wise, and agewise.
The System must allow persistent defaults for data entry where desirable. These defaults should include: user-definable values, values same as previous item;  values derived from context, e.g. date, file reference, user identifier.
The solution should enable the user to track the submitted defect or enhancement request.
The interfaces must be made customizable or user-configurable to the extent possible. (e.g., the displayed columns in the table, move, resize, modify the appearance). Such configurations must be saved in the user profile.
The System must be able to display several entities (cases, suspects) simultaneously.
The System must employ a single set of user interface rules, or a small number of sets to provide a familiar and common look and feel for the application.
All error messages produced by the System must be meaningful, so that they can be appropriately acted upon by the users who are likely to see them. Ideally, each error message will be accompanied by explanatory text and an indication of the action(s) which the user can take in response to the error.
Any access to cases, and all other activities involving the cases and related documents or data should also need to be stored in the audit trail to ensure legal admissibility and to assist in data recovery.
If the System allows users to make unauthorised attempts to access cases, it must log these in the audit trail.
The System must never include in the search result list any record which the user does not have the right to access.
The System must provide one of the following responses (selectable at configuration time): display title and metadata, display the existence of a case but not its title or other metadata, do not display any case information or indicate its existence in any way.
The System must allow changes to security attributes for groups or users (such as access rights, security level, privileges, password allocation and management) to be made only by super-user.
The System should allow a user to stipulate which other users or groups can access cases.
The System must allow only admin-users to set up user profiles and allocate users to groups.
The System user interface must be suitable for users with special needs; that is, compatible with specialist software that may be used and with appropriate interface guidelines 6. The System must provide End User and Administrator functions which are easy to use and intuitive throughout.
The system should provide for role-based control for the functionality within the system.
The System must allow a user to be a member of more than one group.
The support solution should be accessible to the users both from within the application and also outside the application through a browser interface.
Once the audit trail functionality has been activated, the System must track events without manual intervention, and store in the audit trail information about them.
The System must maintain the audit trail for as long as required, which will be at least for the life of the case to which it refers.
The System must ensure that audit trail data is available for inspection on request, so that a specific event can be identified and all related data made accessible, and that this can be achieved by authorised external personnel who have little or no familiarity with the system.
The System must be able to export audit trails for specified cases (without affecting the audit trail stored by the System). This functionality can be used by external auditors who wish to examine or analyse system activity.
An audit trail is a record of actions taken by either the user or the system triggers. This includes actions taken by users or Administrators, or actions initiated automatically by the system as a result of system parameters.
The System must be able to capture and store violations (i.e. A users attempts to access a case to which he is denied access), and (where violations can validly be attempted) attempted violations, of access control mechanisms.
The System must at a minimum be able to provide reports for actions on cases organised: By case, By user, In chronological sequence.
The System should be able to provide reports for actions on cases organised by workstation and (where technically appropriate) by network address.
The System must allow the user to limit access to cases to specified users or user groups.
The system shall be able to acquire shipping charges in less than 2 seconds.
The system shall utilize consistent symbols and colors for clear notifications.
Upon the USB being plugged in the system shall be able to be deployed and operational in less than 1 minute.
The system shall be able to handle 1000 customers logged in concurrently at the same time.
The system shall be able to retrieve 200 products per second.
The system shall be able to add product to shopping cart in less than 2ms.
The system shall be able to search for a specified product in less than 1 second.
The system shall employ easy to locate buttons.
The system shall be able to email customer and vendor in less than 1 second.
The system shall be able to validate credit card in less than 2 seconds.
The system shall prompt customer with friend easy to read error messages.
The system shall be able to restore 1000 records per second.
The system shall be protected by open source firewall called Firestarter. http://www.fs-security.com/
The system shall encrypt all sensitive information via https.
The system shall encrypt all customer data in database.
The system shall auto detect IP DOS attacks and block IP automatically.
The system shall detect consecutive failed login attempts.
The system shall have an availability of 99.99%.
The system shall utilize interchangeable plugins.
The system shall be easily updatable for fixes and patches.
The system shall create logs of all changes, updates, or fixes that are done to the site.
The system shall be easy to upgrade.
The system shall be extremely portable via the usb drive.
The system shall be easy to migrate or backed up via another usb drive.
The system shall utilize help bubbles to assist managers, customers, and administrators.
The system shall validate credit cards against fraud.
The system shall be easy to learn.
The customer will also be able to add to or remove products from the shopping cart prior to checkout and order confirmation.
The system shall adhere to the following hardware requirements: 4GB Flash ram chip, 128MB SDRAM, Intel XScale PXA270 520-MHz chipset, OS: Apache web server, Database: MySQL
Customers will be able to create accounts to store their customer profiles, configure contact information, view their purchase history, and confirm orders.
Customer profiles will also include payment information, such as the ability to store credit card information, and address information.
Products will be stored in multi-tiered categories; a category can contain sub categories or products.
The inventory management will allow for administrators to update the categories, the products placed in categories, and the specific product details.
The system shall be easy to use.
The shopping cart will clearly display the number of items in the cart, along with the total cost.
Customers will be able to confirm the order after checkout. If the order is incorrect, the customer will be able to revise and update their order.
The customer will then receive a confirmation email with the specific order details.
Customers will be presented with an unambiguous interface to assist in browsing the categories and products.
Customers will be able to search for products matching their search criteria.
The interface will be compatible with all major web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Navigator, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, and Safari.
The system will implement an Application Interface to allow for various plug-ins to interact with the system.
Customers will also be able to add products into the shopping cart.
The system will do periodic backups through a live internet connection.
The plug-in API will be well documented and specifications will be provided to plug-in developers.
Yoggie shall coordinate on future enhancement and features with our organization.
The system hardware shall be fixed and patched via an internet connection.
The system should be able to run test shipping orders.
The system should be able to run test credit card transactions.
The system should be able to create test environment of weborder system.
The system shall validate email address existence.
The system will employ on demand asynchronous loading for faster execution of pages.
The system shall automatically compress image files that are too large in size.
For returning customers, the system shall validate existing credit card in system after each log in.
The system shall perform searches via Dijkstra s shortest path algorithm.
The system should be able to run under debug mode.
The Application should be available always at working hours. Any maintenance or backup operation should be conducted out of working time.
Authentication is made by user name and a password for all users.
Administrative level working on administration computer.
Any administrative level user can delegate another user to execute some or all his authorized actions. And this user acquires the role of inventory administrator.
It is mandatory that learning time is between 2 to 4 hours at maximum, because many task are delegated to working students.
Web interface should use clear and consistence terminology in such a way that user; with basic experience on internet and office; find the application easy to use.
The Application should be installed in any Microsoft or Unix platform.
Backup operation are executed periodically.
All user are authenticated by user name and a password.
Permission are assigned to user according to their roles.
Only IT team member can access and maintain data base servers locally.
Query is killed if takes more than 1 min.
It is important to design system to facilitated future evolution and facilitate maintenance operations.
Inventory is updated when user receive requested asset.
Web application should available to run on browsers like IE, Firefox, Chrome, Opera or Safari.
Request is added to the waiting for execution list.
Any faculty member can add all related departments inventory.
Any administration level or authorised inventory group member can display all pending requests waiting for approval from this level and approve those requests.
Within the same department: data base can be updated directly without any request.
Inter faculties transfer: request can be made by any authorised user and approved by faculty group or higher level.
Transfer outside university should be approved by the university group.
Any administrative level user or inventory user can edit an asset that belongs to its department; same thing for faculty user, or university user; in order to make modification if he is authorised to do it.
All fields of an edited asset can be modified except Ids.
Any DA group member or authorised inventory group member asset is owned by the department.
Inter departments: request must be approved by a DA group member and faculty group member unless it came from a higher level group.
Any university group member can add all assets in the inventory.
A bulk entry can be used to add many assets.
Request can be made by any authorised user.
After creation a request still pending waiting to be approved by an administrative level user according to that have this authority.
An inventory user should check returned asset and update inventory.
IT group members can create a new space and modify floor structure when they receive an exception request from any administrative level.
When request is treated user is notified by email.
Data transmission format. Data is transmitted between Gemini and home Institutes using a FITS format and contains all header information provided with the data.
System-wide data capacity. The data capacity of the system is limited by transfer methods and technology, as well as archiving capacity on site. The system data capacity is capable of retaining 7 days of data produced by the largest instrument, the last 3 days of which must be available interactively from hard disk or similar medium.
The system must allow for fast transmission of rough images every 0.5 sec. This may be assisted through the use of data-loss compression techniques (e.g. JPEG, MPEG, etc).
In addition, there is the need for transmission of images matching the original resolution. This high-quality transmission must require less than 20 sec, and can only be assisted with loss-less compression.
Every command must be accepted/rejected within 2 sec and before the corresponding action occurs. (This is different than the ACK/NAK response of the communications protocol - here, the target system must have examined the command and verified its validity.
The telescope and instrument software shall contain built-in test (BIT) facilities to verify Gemini 8m Telescopes system and Gemini 8m Telescopes software performances.
Requests of subsystems for status information must be answered within 5 sec and be possible in maintenance level operation.
Requirements for response times within the user interfaces are given in the User Interface requirements section.
Every Gemini 8m Telescopes software module shall have corresponding test specifications to check normal operation of releases, to be used both for acceptance tests and as an on-line test procedure.
The Gemini 8m Telescopes control software shall also provide for execution of self-test sequences of the Gemini 8m Telescopes system and subsystems. These shall automatically exercise all subsystems present in a given operational configuration.
Storage of data. Data from all instruments and detectors is stored as compressed data, using a standard format. There is a first level of storage within IOCs, to secure data in the event of link failures.
Status display update must be within 4 sec at the local stations (certain functions, such as telescope position, may have tighter constraints). Remote station update response is given in the Requirements for Remote Operations section.
Data acquisition format. Data is normally acquired as uncompressed data, but may be compressed using a loss-less compression technique for transmission from the Gemini system or across the system LAN. The goal of compression is to minimize bandwidth impact on the LAN and WAN and to save space on removable media.
Data flow. Data from detectors must be stored in the most effective method permitted by available technology. Astronomical data is often detector readout limited so that disk access and data transfer times are not significant.
For mosaicked, large optical detectors, a full readout of the detector must be done in about 2 or 3 minutes.
All software bugs should be logged and then fixed as soon as possible after detection. The goal is to have restart conditions occur only on hardware failure.
Concurrent data access and display. Since the Gemini system supports monitoring of operation, there must be the capability of providing multiple, simultaneous access to data. Data transfer between the virtual telescope system and attached workstations therefore imposes significant transfer requirements on the LAN. The LAN must support a transfer rate of 20-40 Mbits/second.
The syntax of control flow commands is to be consistent across the system, whether accessing workstation software or IOC software.
All subsystems must respond to a common set of commands to test operational status, inquiries as to version, perform self-tests.
All IOC subsystems must respond to additional common commands for such activities as start, stop, initialize, reset parameters, etc.
Fault recovery, exception handling, fail-safe checks, etc. should be used to improve reliability.
Handshaking of commands between IOCs must occur within 100-200 msec, signaling acceptance of each command.
For commands allowing delayed replies, timeouts for that reply must also be supported.
Peak control information within the system is expected to be 100 TPS. This assumes bridging between communication sections, to isolate traffic in relevant sections only.
For focusing and related activities, maximum acceptable detector readout time is about 0.1 sec, though only a portion of the detector may be read during that time.
The support structure for communicating commands must be reliable, with a uniform ACK/NAK protocol adopted across all systems. Timeouts must be supported at approximately 500 msec.
When the current temperature value exceeds the current temperature setting by a pre -defined amount, the THEMAS system shall activate the appropriate heating or cooling unit.
The THEMAS shall provide the ability for the supervisor to select between two different types of reports: 1) the operational history of the THEMAS system for the past twelve months and 2) a statistical summary for any selected month.
The THEMAS system shall provide the supervisor a mechanism to change the temperature setting of any of the thermostats in the system.
For each event that is generated, the THEMAS system shall identify each event and generate the appropriate event data.
There are two events that shall result in an alarm condition: 1) an invalid temperature value is reported from a thermostat, or 2) the reported temperature has exceeded the defined limits. This process shall determine which alarm event is to be generated.
Once a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit, the THEMAS system shall provide the necessary control signal for the unit. This control signal shall also provide an indication of the units status at the requesting thermostat.
The THEMAS system shall control the heating and cooling units that are designated as part of the THEMAS system.
The THEMAS system shall control each of the heating and cooling units that are defined for the system. The THEMAS system shall limit the number of heating or cooling units t hat may be running simultaneously.
The THEMAS system shall determine wh en a reported temperature or a changed temperature setting exceeds the limits set by the overtemperature values. Temperatures that exceed the overtemperature limits shall be reported as such. Temperatures that do not exceed these limits shall be output for subsequent processing.
When a request for a heating unit or cooling to be turned is denied, an event shall be generated and the THEMAS system shall record that event. The information in these events will be used for creating statistical reports.
When the THEMAS system is initialized, it shall first turn off all the heating and cooling units. Then, it shall check all the thermostats and determine if any thermostats settings require a heating or cooling unit to be turned on back on.
The THEMAS system shall only respond to temperatures that are within a reasonable value.
The THEMAS system shall ensure the temperature reported by a given thermostat shall not exceed a maximum deviation value of 3 degrees Fahrenheit.
The trigger value is used in combination with the current temperature to determine when a heating or cooling unit shall be turned on or off.
There shall be a maximum number of heating or cooling units that can be on at any given time. This procedure loads the maximum number of concurrently running units allowed.
Each thermostat shall have a unique identifier by which that thermostat is identified in the THEMAS system. This procedure will load these definitions into the THEMAS software.
The definitions of the individual heating and cooling systems reside in an initialization file. The system shall read this file and the definitions shall be derived from the initialization data in the file.
The THEMAS system shall control the heating and cooling units that are defined as part of the THEMAS system.
The THEMAS system shall only respond to temperatures from the thermostats that are within the specified valid range.
When a user wishes to join a multi player game, they must: Enter their name, Choose an icon from a predetermined list, Choose which of the available games they wish to join.
The MultiMahjongClient must send this join information to the MultiMahjongServer.
In a multi player game, each MultiMahjongClient must retrieve the following data from the MultiMahjongServer: Whether it must support a CO, The score limit for a hand, All players names, icons and seating positions, The tiles of the human and CO (optional) player supported on the MultiMahjongClient.
The list of un-started games that the MultiMahjongClient fetches from the MultiMahjongServer will be displayed in such a way that users can see the following information about each game: The name and icon of the player who created the game, The score limit for winning a hand, The number of places that still need to be filled before the game can commence.
The MultiMahjongClient will save the user preferences in a file and read them in when the program begins.
The MultiMahjongServer must be able to handle requests in multi player mode of up to 10 simultaneous games (max 40 players).
The CO must respond within 1 minute in both single and multi player modes.
When a user selects the option to join an existing game, the MultiMahjongClient will retrieve a list of any games that still require players from the MultiMahjongServer.
The MultiMahjongClient must be able to calculate possible Chow/Pung/Kong/Mahjong moves within 5 seconds of being informed of the last discard.
As the data being exchanged between machines does not contain any private information and is not capable of undermining the system integrity of the computers connected to the MultiMahjongServer, encryption and protection of data are not needed.
Any user who creates or joins a game will be able to upload their own JPEG or GIF image that they wish to have displayed above their name, if they do not wish to use a preset icon.
When a user creates a new single player game, they must: Enter their name, Choose an icon from a predetermined list, Set the score limit for winning a hand of Mahjong.
Users who create a new game will be able to change the ability level of any CO involved in the game. There will be 3 levels available: Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced.
When the user begins the MultiMahjongClient program, they will be able to choose to create a new multi player game, to create a new single player game, to join an existing multi player game, or to quit the program.
The MultiMahjongClient must send this game initialisation information to the MultiMahjongServer so that the MultiMahjongServer can create a new game.
The MultiMahjongServer will allow connections from MultiMahjongClients and communicate with them using IP.
The MultiMahjongServer will serve as a node for MultiMahjongClients. That is, it will be able to relay data received from one MultiMahjongClient to other MultiMahjongClients that request it.
The MultiMahjongServer will automate the game initialisation functions, such as: randomising tile order, randomising seating position and storing the "Game Info" database.
The MultiMahjongServer will contain a High Scores list with the names and scores of the top MultiMahjong players.
The MultiMahjongServer will be designed to reside on a central computer (server) that is connected to a TCP/IP network and has a unique IP address.
The MultiMahjongServer will allow players on MultiMahjongClient programs to modify their own names and icons during gameplay (as opposed to only at the beginning).
The MultiMahjongServer will support an architecture whereby all Computer Opponents (CO) required will reside on it instead of on the MultiMahjongClient programs.
The MultiMahjongServer will have a graphical user interface with which the administrator of the server can get log information and change game settings.
The MultiMahjongServer will be able to save preferences to a file and read from that file at start-up.
The MultiMahjongServer will allow players on MultiMahjongClient programs to chat with each other in real time.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a School Zone from a list and provide the following information: Target School Zone, Plan.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a DMS from a list and provide the following information: Target DMS, Message to be displayed, Beacons On/Off.
The Remote Control GUI shall be implemented using C/C++ and ESRI Map Objects.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to issue a CCTV switching command: Source (input), Destination port (output).
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a CCTV from a list and provide the following information: Target CCTV, Device control including: Pan, Tilt, Zoom.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a Ramp Meter from a list and provide the following information: Target Ramp Meter, Plan.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a HAR from a list and provide the following information: Target HAR, Text to be sent to the HAR.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a Traffic Signal from a list and provide the following information: Target Traffic Signal, Plan.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a HOV from a list and provide the following information: Target HOV, Plan.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a Reversible Lane from a list and provide the following information: Target Reversible Lane, Plan.
A DATEX/ASN runtime library shall be available on any computer communicating to the C2C project.
For each device command/control status request sent by the Remote GUI, the status returned from the network identifier will be displayed in a scrollable list on the GUI.
The C2C shall be able to operate in normal mode. In this mode the C2C receives data from all connected systems, including the Incident GUI, and combines the data into a single data store (database).
The C2C shall be able to operate in test mode. In this mode, the C2C performs normal mode operations and also logs activities.
The C2C Server shall execute in a Microsoft Windows NT environment.
The web server application shall use ESRI s ARC Internet Map Server (ARC IMS) product for creating of map images.
The C2C shall execute in a Microsoft Windows NT environment.
The C2C shall be implemented in the C/C++ programming language.
The C2C web interface shall be implemented using C/C++ and ESRI ARC IMS.
The Incident GUI shall be implemented using C/C++ and ESRI Map Objects.
The user shall be provided with the capability to select a network identifier for a device command/control request.
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a Dynamic Lane from a list and provide the following information: Target Dynamic Lane, Plan.
When the GUI application is initiated, the user shall be prompted for the following information: User name, Password
Once an Center is selected, the user shall be able to select a LCS from a list and provide the following information: Target LCS, Assignment of lane arrows.
The GUI shall allow a user to delete a previously entered lane closure.
The remote Center Control GUI shall be designed to execute on a public network (e.g., Internet) and transmit equipment requests to the C-2-C software system.
The Data Collector shall be designed to support the storage of TMDD data elements and message set information.
The C2C Project shall utilize the TMDD standard (including message sets) to transmit information.
TCP/IP shall be used to transmit the DATEX/ASN data.
The map shall display interstates and state highways on the graphical map.
The basemap data shall be derived from the North Central Texas Council of Governments (NCTCOG) Geo- Data warehouse.
The map user shall be able to alter the current magnification (zoom level) of the map.
The map user shall be able to pan the map in each of the following directions: North, South, East or West.
Each link displayed on the map shall be color coded to provide a graphical depiction of speeds. A configuration file shall be provided to specify specific speed values. The color coding shall be as follows: Green - speeds ) TBD MPH, Yellow - speeds between TBD and TBD MPH, Red  speeds below TBD MPH.
The map shall display the current incidents (as icons) known to the C2C Project.
DATEX/ASN shall be used to transmit the TMDD message sets.
All current incidents shall be displayed in tabular format with the following information contained in the table:Location, Type of incident (e.g., accident, lane closure), Severity of incident, Incident status, Travel direction, Effected lanes.
The user shall be able to click on an incident icon to obtain further information about the incident.
The GUI shall provide a list of previously entered lane closures.
The GUI shall allow a user to delete a previously entered incident.
The GUI shall provide a list of previously entered incidents.
The GUI shall allow the data about an incident to be modified.
The Incident GUI shall allow the user to enter incident or lane closure information without the use of an Center.
The map shall be capable of displaying the following for a CCTV: Location, Status.
The map shall be capable of displaying the following for a LCS: Location, Current Signals.
The map shall be capable of displaying the following for a DMS: Location, Current Message.
The Incident GUI shall allow the user to input the following information for each incident: Location (latitude/longitude), Description, Status, Effected lanes, Detection time, Response time, Estimated time to clear queue, Queue length.
There shall be a network connection between SwRI and NISN.
MEX OA IDFS data that are electronically distributed shall be provided to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is within 24 hours of acquiring MEX OA telemetry as long as the transmission and processing are error-free.
SwRI shall provide APAF system maintenance.
SwRI shall provide software support for the APAF system.
ASPERA-3 and MEX OA IDFS data and any APAF-generated intermediate files of ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up telemetry shall be provided to all ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
transmission and processing are error-free.
Any APAF-generated intermediate files of ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up telemetry that are electronically distributed shall be provided to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is within 24 hours of acquiring ASPERA-3 and MEX OA telemetry as long as the transmission and processing are error-free.
Science analysis software shall be integrated into the NASA approved data repository.
ASPERA-3 data shall be provided to NASA PDS in PDS-compliant form.
ASPERA-3 data shall be calibrated and validated prior to depositing in the NASA PDS.
ASPERA-3 data shall be provided to NASA PDS no later than 6 months after acquisition.
SwRI shall provide IDFS data processing algorithms to IRF.
IDFS data access software developed by SwRI shall be made available to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
How the ASPERA-3 and MEX OA data and exactly what data sets are to be distributed to each Co-I shall be determined by the needs and resources available six months prior to MEX launch. The distribution mechanisms shall be clearly defined/described in the APAF Operation Procedures Document.
There shall be a web server for the APAF system. (Done: www.aspera-3.org)
ASPERA-3 IDFS data and MEX OA IDFS data shall be provided to NASA PDS.
There shall be a UNIX-based APAF system production computer with an archival system.
Science analysis software developed by SwRI to analyze IDFS-formatted data shall be made available to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
All internal data requirements are left to the design. The Software Design Documents of each of the seven components (see section 1.2) shall contain the detailed information of the virtual instrument data items.
There shall be a UNIX-based APAF system development computer. (Done: phobos.space.swri.edu)
The APAF system shall acquire from ESOC the telemetry data of the ASPERA-3 Experiment and Mars Express Orbit/Attitude.
The APAF system shall process all ASPERA-3 science data into IDFS data sets.
Intermediate files of cleaned-up ASPERA-3 and MEX OA telemetry shall be generated in the event that cleaned-up telemetry is not provided by ESOC.
The ASPERA-3 and MEX OA telemetry data shall be stored on a local SwRI archive.
The ASPERA-3 and MEX OA IDFS data sets shall be stored on a local SwRI archive.
Any APAF-generated intermediate files of ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up telemetry shall be stored on a local SwRI archive.
Web-based displays of the most current ASPERA-3 data shall be provided for public view.
The APAF system shall process the engineering and ancillary information necessary for calibration and science validation into IDFS data sets.
The web-based displays defined by the ASPERA-3 team to be used for science analysis shall be password protected until the ASPERA-3 data is made public.
The APAF ground data system shall have built-in error handling.
The APAF system web server shall be password protected where appropriate to allow only pertinent ASPERA-3 team members access.
Web-based displays defined by the ASPERA-3 team shall be provided where any available ASPERA-3 data (as opposed to just the most current) can be used for science analysis.
All internal interfaces are left to the design. The Software Design Documents of each of the seven components (see section 1.2) shall contain the detailed information of the internal interfaces.
When a user selects the View/Standard Error menu option, the HATS-GUI shall display the standard error screen showing all outputs written to the standard error stream since the most recent clearing of this data. The viewing of errors is detailed in Section 3.2.3.
When a user selects the View/Standard Output menu option, the HATS-GUI shall display the standard error screen showing all outputs written to the standard output stream since the most recent clearing of this data.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to continue working while transformations are taking place. Thus a user shall be able to edit files, view output, and transmit other problems to HATS-SML while waiting for HATS-SML to generate output.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to execute a script file. A script file shall contain a linear sequence of HATS-SML programs. The HATS-GUI shall begin with the first command and execute the commands sequentially until either an error occurs or all commands in the script file have been executed.
When both an SDT and a pretty-printed text display corresponding to a single transformed target file are open, highlighting and cursor location motion shall be mirrored in the two windows. Thus, when a displayed node is selected in the SDT display, the corresponding text in the prettyprint window is highlighted. When the user scrolls to the end of the pretty-printed text display, the display of the SDT should also scroll to the corresponding displayed nodes.
When viewing an SDT, selecting nodes shall result in the highlight of all displayed nodes in the smallest well-formed tree of the selected nodes.
When the system displays a navigation window, the user shall be able to select a current SDT location by clicking the mouse cursor in the navigation window. The center of the displayed graph will be the displayed node closest to the mouse cursor when the mouse is clicked.
The user shall be able to resize windows dynamically. When displayed graph windows are resized, the HATS-GUI shall respond by utilizing the space available.
The display of an SDT shall also result in the display of text from leaf nodes in a text display area.
When a user selects the View/Text menu option, the HATS-GUI shall prompt a user to select a pretty-printed text file in the current application. The viewing of text outputs is detailed in Section 3.2.3.
The system shall be implemented in the Java 1.3 programming language.
When a user selects the View/SDT menu option, the HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to select an SDT file in the current application. The file list shall include SDTs in the application. The viewing of outputs is detailed in Section 3.2.3.
When a user selects the Application/Delete menu item, the HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to confirm the deletion operation. If the user confirms, all files in the application directory shall be deleted and the application directory itself shall be deleted. No application is currently selected at the end of this operation.
When a user selects the Run/Execute Transforms menu option, the HATS-GUI shall execute the ApplyTransformations HATS-SML programs as described in Appendix D. This process is further described in Section 3.2.3.
When a user selects the Run/Parse Program menu option, the HATS-GUI shall parse the selected transformation language program by using the ParseTlp HATS-SML programs as described in Appendix D. If no target program is selected, the HATS-GUI shall first prompt the user to select a transformation language program.
When a user selects the Run/Parse Target menu option, the HATS-GUI shall parse the selected target program by using the ParseTarget HATS-SML programs as described in Appendix D. If no target program is selected, the HATS-GUI shall first prompt the user to select a target program.
When a user selects the Run/Generate Parser menu option, the HATS-GUI shall generate the parser using the MakeParser HATS-SML program as described in Appendix D.
When a user selects the Configure menu options, the HATS-GUI shall provide a list of elements in the application configuration, allow the user to select an element, then prompt the user for a value for the configuration element.
When deleting an application directory, if the application directory contains a subdirectory, the system shall confirm the deletion of the subdirectory with the user before continuing. If the user does not confirm the deletion of the subdirectory, the application director shall not be deleted.
The text displayed in the text display area shall correspond to the concatenation of the node labels (separated by spaces) of the leaf nodes of the displayed graph (in-order traversal, left to right). If a leaf displayed node corresponds to a non-terminal SDT node, the label in the text window shall be surrounded by pointed brackets (()). For example, if a non-terminal TERM appears in a leaf node, its text representation shall be (TERM). Appendix G gives an example of the display of text associated with an SDT.
When a user selects the Application/Save As menu item, the HATS-GUI shall prompt the user for a new application name. The HATS-GUI shall create a new directory at the same level as the currently selected application. All files in the application directory, including all subdirectories, shall be copied to the new directory, and the new directory shall become the currently selected application.
When a user selects the Application/Save menu item, the HATS-GUI shall save all application configuration information to nonvolatile storage.
When a user selects the Application/Close menu item, the HATS-GUI shall close the currently selected application. No application is currently selected at the end of this operation. If changes have been made to the configuration but have not been saved, the user shall be prompted to save the configuration. If the user agrees, the configuration shall be saved. If the user does not agree, the configuration shall not be saved.
When a user selects the Application/Select menu item, the HATS-GUI shall display a list of directory names in the current working directory, allow a user to navigate the directory structure, and allow a user to select a previously created application. This application becomes the currently selected application.
When a user selects the File/Exit menu option, the HATS-GUI shall request the host operating system to kill all currently active HATS-SML processes started by the HATS-GUI and halt the HATS-GUI process. If changes have been made to the configuration but have not been saved, the user shall be prompted to save the configuration. If the user agrees, the configuration shall be saved. If the user does not agree, the configuration shall not be saved.
When a user selects the Run/Pretty-print menu option, the HATS-GUI shall execute the Prettyprint HATS-SML programs as described in Appendix D.
The HATS-GUI shall provide for the copying of text from the text display area to a system buffer available for pasting into other applications (such as an editor).
The user shall be able to view multiple SDTs simultaneously.
The user shall be able to expand displayed nodes (provided it is possible to expand the selected nodes). The HATS-GUI shall change the graph display by adding the descendant nodes to the displayed graph (thus changing the expandable nodes to internal nodes).
When a user selects the File/Edit menu item, the HATS-GUI shall request that the operating system start a process and load that process with the editor specified by the application configuration. The name of a selected file shall be passed to the editor as a command line argument. The editor started by the HATS-GUI shall be the editor associated with the file in the application configuration, or if there is no editor associated with the file, then the editor associated with the file type of the file in the application configuration. If no editor is associated with either the file or the file type, then the default editor shall be used. If no default editor has been selected, then the HATS-GUI shall present a list of the configured editors and allow the user to select an editor. If no editors have been configured, then the HATS-GUI shall inform the user that an editor must be configured before starting an editor.
The GUI shall run on Windows 2000, Sun Solaris 8, and Linux operating systems without modification of the Java code.
The user shall not be required to log in or authenticate his/her identity when using the system.
One algorithm for displaying an SDT has been implemented and found to be unacceptable:Draw SDT into large virtual window with a smaller viewing area, Zoom in on portions of the tree;
The complexity of the scrolling algorithms for text and displayed graphs shall not exceed O(n2) for n displayed nodes.
The complexity of the tree search algorithm shall not exceed O(n2) for n nodes.
The complexity of the text search algorithm shall not exceed O(n2) for n nodes.
The HATS-GUI shall allow a user to navigate through the display of an SDT with 10,000 nodes so that scrolling a screen width with any portion of the SDT displayed takes less than 3 seconds.
The HATS-GUI shall allow a user to request transformations while HATS-SML is performing transformations or parsing.
The HATS-GUI shall display 1,000,000 node SDTs in the same amount of time, plus or minus two seconds, as it takes to display a 10,000 node SDT.
The HATS-GUI shall display and SDT with 10,000 nodes in five seconds or less.
When searching for text patterns, search begins at the location of the keyboard cursor and continues left-to-right, top-to-bottom until the end of the text is encountered. When the end of the text is encountered, search will continue from the start of the text until arriving back at the starting location.
The HATS-GUI shall provide the user the capability to search the text display for text sub-strings. The search criteria are described in Appendix F. The user shall be prompted to enter a text string describing a string pattern. The HATS-GUI shall search the text for a matching pattern. When a match is found, the HATS-GUI shall highlight the matching text and center the display on the left-most element of the matching text. The keyboard cursor shall be set to this location. If no matches are found, the HATS-GUI shall display a message stating No Match Found.
Windows for pretty-printed text shall allow for scrolling left, right, up, and down if the text is too large to display in the window.
Selected pretty-printed text shall be displayed in a separate window.
The user shall be able to select pretty-printed text files to display.
The formatting of the displayed pretty-printed text shall be faithful to the formatting represented in the pretty-printed text file. No additional white space shall be inserted, and a fixed width font shall be used to display the text.
SDT displays shall provide the user with the option to refresh the display. When a display is refreshed, the current display is erased, the SDT file is read, and a new SDT display is generated. The new SDT display shall approximate the previous SDT display by expanding the SDT to the same number of nodes, if this is possible.
SDT displays shall also provide the user with a view of text associated with the leaves of the displayed sub-tree. This text shall be copy-and-pasteable in the host operating system. Thus, text displayed in a HATS-GUI window can be pasted into other applications such as text editors that may be running concurrently with the HATS-GUI.
The HATS-GUI shall provide the function to fully expand a sub-tree regardless of the node expansion level in the application configuration.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to expand the SDT by a predetermined number of node levels. The number of levels expanded is set in the application configuration.
After issuing the unhide instruction, a user shall be able to issue a rehide instruction that reverses the unhide instruction. All displayed nodes hidden before the most recent unhide instruction shall become hidden.
The user shall be able to issue an unhide instruction that reverses the hide instruction for all displayed nodes.
The user shall be able to hide a set of selected displayed nodes. The HATS-GUI shall change the display by removing the selected nodes from the display and changing the parent and descendant nodes of the removed nodes to nodes with hidden descendants and parents, respectively.
The user shall be able to collapse displayed nodes. The HATS-GUI shall change the displayed graph by removing all descendants of the selected displayed nodes (thus changing the internal nodes to non-expandable leaf nodes).
The user shall be able to display more than one SDT at a time. Each SDT shall be displayed in a separate window.
When a user selects the File/Delete menu item, the HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to confirm the deletion operation. If the user confirms, the currently selected file shall be deleted. No file shall be currently selected at the end of this operation.
Prior to starting the execution of a script file, the display screens for the standard error and the standard output shall be cleared.
When a user selects the File/Select menu item, the HATS-GUI shall provide the user with a list of files in the currently open application and allow the user to select a file. This file becomes the currently selected file. If no application is currently open, the HATS-GUI will prompt the user to select and open an application, then prompt the user to select a file.
The Configure/File Associations menu item shall provide an interface for associating files in an application. File associations are shown in Table 6.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to select the shapes for types of displayed nodes in a displayed graph. At a minimum, the system shall provide two shapes, rectangles and ellipses, for displayed nodes.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to select the colors for types of displayed nodes in a displayed graph. At a minimum, the system shall provide eight colors (red, yellow, white, black, green, blue, orange, and violet) for displayed nodes.
The HATS-GUI shall allow the user to specify the number of levels of nodes to expand during SDT viewing.
The Configure/Node Display menu item shall provide an interface for configuring the display of nodes.
The Configure/Editors menu item shall provide an interface for the user to enter editor configuration information. This information shall be used when editors are started as processes.
The Application/Delete menu item shall provide an interface for deleting an application and all the files in the application directory. The HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to confirm deletion prior to completing this action.
The Application/Save-as menu item shall provide an interface for saving an application and its associated files under a different name.
The Application/Save menu item shall provide an interface for saving application configuration information.
The Application/Close menu item shall provide an interface for closing an application.
The Application/Select menu item shall provide an interface for selecting and opening an application.
The File/Exit menu item shall provide an interface for exiting the HATS-GUI.
The File/Delete menu item shall provide an interface for deleting a selected file. The HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to confirm deletion prior to completing this action.
The File/Save-as menu item shall provide an interface for saving a previously selected file under a different name.
The File/Edit menu item shall provide an interface for starting an editor as an external process. The editor shall be started according to information in the application configuration.
The File/Select menu item shall provide an interface for selecting files within the currently open application.
The View menu shall contain items related to viewing HATS-SML output.
The Run menu shall contain items related to executing the HATS-SML programs.
The Configure menu shall contain items related to modifying the configuration of the application.
The Application menu shall contain items related to manipulating entire applications.
The File menu shall contain menu items related to manipulating individual files and for closing the HATS-GUI application.
Output pretty-printed text files and SDTs shall only be displayed when the user requests.
For any operation where the user is prompted to select from a list, the user shall be able to cancel the operation.
Any operation requiring the user to supply a file name shall allow the user either to select the files from a list derived from files in the currently open application or to key in a file name, a relative path name, or a complete path name.
When a user selects the File/Save As menu item, the HATS-GUI shall prompt the user to enter a new name. A new file shall be created in the currently open application with the newly entered file name. The contents of the selected file shall be written into the new file, and the new file shall become the currently selected file.
The Configure/HATS-SML menu item shall provide an interface for the user to enter implementation-dependent information for starting HATS-SML processes.
The Run/Generate Parser menu item shall provide an interface for generating a parser program.
When collecting generated output files from HATS-SML, the HATS-GUI shall overwrite any file whose name is generated automatically. For example, given a transformation language program X.tlp, the file X.tlp.parsed is generated when the parser is executed. If X.tlp.parsed existed prior to executing the parser, it shall be overwritten without prompting the user.
The Run/Parse Program menu item shall provide an interface for selecting and parsing transformation language programs.
The Run/Parse Target menu item shall provide an interface for selecting and parsing target programs.
The keyboard cursor shall be set to the location of the mouse cursor when the pointing device is clicked.
Each display window shall have a keyboard cursor to track the current location in the display.
Each active display window shall have a mouse cursor, which indicates the location of the pointing device in the window.
Display windows opened by the system shall have buttons for closing the windows.
The system shall open a new window when the user selects to display output.
The HATS-GUI shall display output written to the standard output and standard error streams in a tab-selectable window. Text in this window shall be cleared prior to executing individual HATSSML programs, unless the programs are contained in a program script. In the case of a script, the window contents shall be cleared prior to executing the script. Refer to section 3.2.3.2 for a discussion of the execution of script files.
The HATS-GUI shall suggest a file name for the user whenever it prompts the user to enter a file name. The HATS-GUI shall suggest the same file name for files copied to a different directory. The HATS-GUI shall suggest a file name with a sequentially numbered extension for files copied to the same directory. For example, if NatLang.txt exists, a suggested file name would be NatLang.txt.2.
There shall be exactly one file describing the interpretation of function symbols associated with an application. This file shall be written in ML and have the file extension .lib.
There shall be exactly one file describing the grammar of inputs associated with an application. It shall have the file extension .grm.
There shall be exactly one file describing the lexical specification of inputs associated with an application. It shall have the file extension .spec.
The directory in which application files are stored shall be named with the application name.
The keyboard cursor shall be movable by the arrow keys.
The HATS-GUI shall allow a user to create an application minimally consisting of a lexical specification file, a grammar file, a user-defined functions file, and application configuration information. The user shall be able to name this application.
All files associated with a given application shall be stored in one directory.
The Run/Pretty-print menu item shall provide an interface for selecting SDTs and pretty-print style files and formatting the SDT according to the style.
The View/SDT menu item shall provide an interface for viewing, navigating through, and searching SDTs output from the execution of transformation programs.
The View/Text menu item shall provide an interface for viewing and searching pretty-printed text.
The View/Standard Error menu item shall provide an interface for viewing error strings collected from HATS-SML.
The Run/Execute Transforms menu item shall provide an interface for selecting and executing transformation language programs.
The View/Select Text menu item shall provide an interface for selecting pretty-printed text or text strings associated with SDT displays.
The View/Copy Text menu item shall provide an interface for copying selected text into an operating system buffer.
The HATS-GUI shall interface with HATS-SML (version 2.0) in order to parse transformation language programs, execute transformation language programs, and create output SDTs, error messages, pretty-printed text, and parsed transformation language programs. The interface shall consist of starting HATS-SML programs and passing command line arguments and capturing data written to the standard output and standard error streams of the HATS-SML processes. The HATS-SML programs and their command line arguments are described in Appendix D.
The GUI shall allow the user to create, modify, copy, or delete applications or files regardless of the current status of HATS-SML.
If the HATS-GUI attempts to start a HATS-SML program and fails, the HATS-GUI shall notify the user by displaying the following message: Unable to start HATS-SML. The HATS-GUI shall provide any other details related to the failure that are available from the Host OS. Examples of information available from an operating system include indications that a specified file does ot exist, that a file cannot be opened due to file protection violations, or that errors occurred during I/O operations.
The View/Standard Output menu item shall provide an interface for viewing debugging information collected from HATS-SML.
Processing  all data processing functions shall be chainable (outputs pipeable to inputs) and repeatable in the processing pipeline in cases where this makes computational sense.
Error Handling  the system shall be capable of flagging and marking corrupted data segments and proceeding without interruption or effect on other data. This includes, but is not limited to, partial data, zero data, underflows, overflows, infinities, and NaNs whether obtained on input or arising during processing.
Management  all management software functions shall take optimal advantage of all language, compiler and system features and resources to reduce overheads to the minimum practical level.
Applications  all math/science application software shall take optimal advantage of all language, compiler, and system computational features and resources to reduce run times to the minimum practical level.
Excess Storage  The BE System shall have sufficient storage (memory and/or disk) with sufficient access speeds to meet short duration Correlator bursting demands (level TBD) plus a standby reserve (amount TBD) to meet reliability needs and handle outage recovery demands.
Memory  The BE System shall have sufficient (amount TBD) memory with sufficient (rate TBD) access speeds to accomplish all processing tasks while avoiding loss or delay on the input and output data streams.
CPU  The total processor capability of the BE System shall be (combination of numbers of processors and individual processor speed) sufficient to accomplish all processing tasks while avoiding loss or delay on the input and output data streams.
Output  The BE System shall be capable of delivering an output data stream to the e2e System of a minimum of 25 MBytes/sec. This includes resends and simultaneous transfer of data stored due to a previous e2e connection outage. This must be done simultaneously with the output stream, but not necessarily over the same interconnects. This is an initial deployment specification and will be increased over time.
Input  The BE System shall be capable of accepting an aggregate data input stream from the Correlator of a minimum of 1.6 Gbytes/sec. This must be done simultaneously with the output stream, but not necessarily over the same interconnects. This is an initial deployment specification and will be increased over time.
I/O  all input and output, and storage and retrieval operations shall take optimal advantage of all system resources to reduce overhead and latency to the minimal practical level.
Operations Activities  the system shall continue operations, although not necessarily at full capacity, on all unaffected resources during partial shutdowns for maintenance, repair and/or upgrade.
Software Coding Practices software system and application code shall be well documented and written in a generally familiar language or languages (preferably not more than two). Software shall be written in a style that is easily readable and using practices that allow for minimal confusion.
Hardware  complete and comprehensible hardware systems specifications and configuration information shall be readily available.
Replaceability modular design principles shall be employed to the maximum extent possible. Maximal practical use of available hot- swappable devices and components shall be made.
Test Mode  the system shall be able to handle non-real-time operations in a transparent fashion (i.e., as if real-time). Note: non-real-time refers to input data from a source other than the Correlator (defined as real-time).
Formatted Output  The BE shall deliver formatted final results to the e2e System. The BE shall produce all data needed by the e2e System for archiving and further processing. The output is currently expected to be in a form compatible with AIPS++ Measurement Sets.
Debug/Test Messages  The BE shall provide several optionally selectable levels of printed messages detailing operational parameters at critical locations in the system.
Error and Warning  The BE shall provide error and warning reports to M&C as operating conditions warrant.
Operational Status and Control  The BE shall provide operational status data to and receive control data from the M&C System. This includes Lag Frame destination addresses and address changes.
Meta-data  The BE shall receive, via M&C, all meta-data necessary to format BE results for delivery to the E2E.
General - Operating system, message passing and other middle-ware, and programming language(s) used shall follow industry standards and be commonly available and widely used. Availability of source code for the OS will be very important.
Observational Mode  The BE shall receive, via M&C, data and parameters specific to the current EVLA Observational Mode needed for processing the Correlator Lag values.
Data Integrity  the Backend System shall maintain input data fidelity and dynamic range across all processing, manipulation and I/O functions.
Auto-correction  the Backend System shall be self-monitoring. It will be capable of detecting, reporting on and automatically taking action to remedy or lessen the impact of, at a minimum, the following types of abnormal conditions: processor hardware failure, operating system hangs or crashes, computational performance below minimum specifications, computational error rates above maximum specification, internal communications failures, and external (with the Correlator and E2E) communications disruptions.
Hardware  I/O, communications, and processing hardware shall be easily expandable, reconfigureable, augmentable and replaceable to meet increasing data transfer and processing demands imposed by EVLA science, Correlator changes, and availability of new hardware.
Hardware  the hardware part of the system shall be able to perform indefinitely without complete loss of service, except in the event of total failure of primary and backup power.
State Counts  The BE shall receive, via M&C, State Count data produced by the Correlator.
The administrator shall have the ability to block all access to the system for all users or selectively by user. (All blocked users with active sessions shall automatically be logged off.)
The administrator shall have the ability to edit a users system access properties.
The administrator shall have the ability to remove a user from the system.
The administrator shall have the ability to create and add a new user to the system.
Each user shall have a set of system access properties that defines the users privileges within the system. (e.g., the subsystems a user may control or system tools the user may access).
A system administrator shall have unrestricted access to all aspects of the system.
All login attempts shall be done in a secure manner. (e.g., encrypted passwords)
All users of the system shall login using some form of unique identification. (e.g., username and password)
Performance  the Backend system shall ultimately be scaleable to an extent that it will be capable of handling up to two Gbytes per second per Correlator output channel in real-time.
Software  the software part of the system shall be able to perform without total system restart due to internal failure between array maintenance windows.
Seamlessness  3.7.1, above, shall be accomplished in a manner that is seamless, in that it does not affect hardware modules or software functionality that it meets at interfaces.
Operating Systems  operating system software shall either have source code available or come with sufficient diagnostics and customer support.
Software tools  software tools and pre-built applications that do not have source code available shall come with a complete diagnostic package and customer support.
Processes  all software processes shall be killable, restartable, debuggable and testable without affecting normal operations.
Debugging  all software application modules shall be debuggable.
Software Accessibility  all systems and application source code shall be available to or on the systems that execute it.
Hardware Accessibility  all system processing and interconnect hardware shall be readily accessible for maintenance, repair, replacement and/or reconfiguration.
Standby Mode  the system shall be able to sit at idle and resume operations with minimal (amount TBD) delay.
Loss of M&C  the system shall continue to operate during the absence of the M&C System until the first encounter of unavailable critical auxiliary data. The system will cache a predetermined amount (TBD) of correlator data after the first encounter of unavailable critical data and complete all requested operations on cached data once the unavailable critical data is obtained.
Loss of Correlator  the system shall be able to complete processing of all onboard data, deliver the results to the End-to-End System and maintain availability for immediate resumption of operations once Correlator access is restored.
Loss of e2e  the system shall continue to operate in a loss-less manner in the event of a temporary (time duration TBD) loss of availability of the e2e System.
Transparency  3.7.1, above, shall be accomplished in manner that is transparent to processing, communications and I/O software functions with the possible exception of recompilation of executables.
Transfers  The transfer shall take place in such a manner that all data needed to perform any Fourier Transform shows-up on a single processor.
Correlator mode changes  the system shall be capable of responding in a loss-less manner to I/O and processing changes arising from Correlator mode changes.
Status Report  internal system component (process, processor, network) functional state.
Integration  The BE shall be able to sum the frequency domain, spectral results. The amount (time duration) of summation will be controlled by an observational mode parameter obtained via M&C. The BE shall keep track of the number of samples/dumps integrated in each spectral channel. The summation will occur after all optional frequency domain processing, or if none, after the Fourier Transform. Integration for long periods of time is what will throttle the output of the Correlator to a rate manageable by the E2E.
Frequency Domain Processing  The BE shall be able to apply user selected frequency domain processes. These processes should be constructed to be chainable (output of Fourier Transform and any frequency domain process can be piped to input of any frequency domain process including replica of self) and repeatable in the chain. No frequency domain processes have as yet been proposed.
Fourier Transform Processing  The BE shall be able to perform Fourier Transform the lag set time series. A power-of-two complex-to-complex Fast Fourier Transform with retention of all output positive and negative frequencies will be used. This process must be able to accept as input the output of any of the time domain processes.
Time Domain Processing  The BE shall be able to apply user selected time domain processes. These processes should be constructed to be chainable (output of any time domain process can be piped to input of any other, including replica of self and Fourier Transform) and repeatable in the chain. No Optional time domain processes have as yet been proposed.
Windowing  The BE shall be able to perform windowing operations prior and subsequent to Fourier Transform. This will be needed for narrow band RFI mitigation. Post Fourier Transform windowing will be applied as a convolution.
Time Stamp Adjustment  The BE shall be able to make time stamp adjustments as required by the observational mode and correlator output parameters. This may arise when recirculation is used.
Coarse Quantization Correction - The BE shall be able to apply corrections based on state count and/or quantizer power measurement data. This is the VanVleck correction
Normalization  The BE shall be able to apply normalizations based on reported data invalid counts.
Data Invalid Count  The BE shall keep track of data invalids.
Data Integrity Verification  The BE shall ensure that time series data is correctly ordered and contains valid data values along its entire extent. Compare against tolerances and report all out of tolerance conditions.
Output Formatting  The BE shall combine the finished spectra with meta- and auxiliary data to form suitably formatted output data sets. AIPS++ Measurement Sets are the expected entities.
Time Series Assembly  The BE shall assemble the received input data into continuous time series (lag sets).
Input Data Management - The BE shall store input data records in a memory buffer and track buffer locations of all input data until data processing is complete. Report any buffer overflow conditions.
Verify Receive  The BE shall verify the successful receipt of incoming data from the Correlator. This includes checking for receive errors and determining that all expected data was received, accumulation of error statistics and comparison against tolerances, and reporting of all out of tolerance conditions.
Data Receive  The BE shall receive incoming data packets from the Correlator to Backend network interface. This network is a part of the BE System.
Lag Sets - The BE shall be able to handle lag sets up to a maximum size of 262,144 values.
Lag Frames  The BE shall be able to handle lag frames of less than 128 values.
Internal Data  The BE shall guarantee safe delivery of all internal messages.
e2e  The BE shall verify successful delivery of output to the e2e.
Correlator System  The BE shall notify M&C of any detected interruptions of data delivery from the Correlator.
Monitor and Control System  The BE shall acknowledge receipt of all data received from M&C.
Lag Frames  The BE shall receive LTA or Speed Dump Lag Frames from the Correlator. For a detailed description of the two dump formats see Reference 8, pages 69 to 71. This will most likely be in the form of one or more frames per UDP/IP packet
Processing Management  The BE shall respond to incoming correlator mode changes, user optional processing sequence and/or parameter changes, and other external inputs that affect the data processing pipeline. Update internal parameter tables and synchronize data processing pipeline with new operational conditions.
Output Data Management  The BE shall store formatted output data records in a memory buffer with backup disk buffering. Store data ready for transmission to the e2e System until successful transfer has occurred. Report any errors and buffer overflow conditions that occur.
Data Invalid  The BE shall replace all invalid data with zero values.
Send Verify  The BE shall verify that all sent data was successfully received. Report all errors.
Recovery Report  internal system component (process, processor, network) recovery action result.
Data Send  The BE shall send output data to the e2e System.
Failure Report  internal system component (e.g., disk drive, processors, processes, and networks) failure number (translatable into text error message) and time stamp.
Warning Report  warning number (translatable into text warning message), warning source, warning rates (as applicable), and time stamp.
Error Report  error number (translatable into text error message), error source, error rates (as applicable), and time stamp.
Metadata  All internally and externally generated data about the processed time series and spectra including invalid data flags, processes applied, coordinates, etc.
Processing flags  a table of flags needed to identify various internal conditions relating to error response and processing state.
Processing Parameters  names, position(s) in sequence, and adjustable parameters for all fixed and user selectable processing pipeline applications.
Input Data Queue  a memory buffer of lag frames. Data entry status queue to track each record in the buffer. The lag frames will contain all information necessary to properly assemble complete lag sets.
General  BE processes shall not violate archive data requirements. All processes shall be reversible; the raw unconverted input always being recoverable from the output.
Offload  The BE shall be able to redistribute internal workload among its processors. This may involve change of destination IP address(es) for the Correlator network.
Reboot network  The BE shall be able to initiate a reboot of any internal network.
Output Data Queue  a memory buffer plus backup disk storage of all processed spectra. These will be converted to output AIPS++ Measurement Set entities prior to transfer to the e2e. Data entry status queue to track each record in the buffer.
Monitor I/O Performance  The BE shall monitor data transfer rates from the Correlator and to the e2e. Accumulate data transfer statistics and compare against tolerances. Report all out of tolerance conditions.
Alter Priority  The BE shall be able to alter the priority of any of the BE tasks.
Stop Process  The BE shall be able to signal a kill for any Backend process.
Start Process  The BE shall be able to initiate a processing task on any Backend processor.
Monitor Networks  The BE shall periodically or upon request check all Backend internal networks and assure that all communication connections are intact and functioning. Report all non-functioning components.
Monitor Processors  The BE shall periodically or upon request check Backend physical processors and assure that all needed processors are alive and responding. Report all crashed, stopped, or unresponsive processors.
Monitor Processes  The BE shall periodically or upon request check PIDs and assure that all started tasks are alive and running. Report missing, stopped, defunct and other damaged processes.
Monitor Compute Errors  The BE shall trap, flag and repair infs, NaNs, underflows, overflows and other computation errors. Accumulate computation error statistics and compare against tolerances. Report all out of tolerance conditions.
Monitor Compute Performance  The BE shall monitor the overall data processing rate. Compare against tolerances and report all out of tolerance conditions.
Reboot Processor  The BE shall be able to initiate a reboot of any Backend a physical processor.
Form Factor  The MCCC shall be a high availability type generalpurpose computer capable of supporting multiple Ethernet interfaces, COTS operating systems, and support server/host services for the CMIB operating system. This computer may exist as a hot swappable or redundant CPU device capable of self-healing where possible.
Operating System  The operating system/module combination shall be capable of supporting the real-time requirements of the correlator hardware, hardware monitor/control/diagnostics with support for standalone test bench operation with simulated control data generation, and the ability to access and upgrade correlator hardware PLD/FPGA personalities through its network connection.
Module Features  The CMIB shall contain 64 Mbytes or greater of SDRAM, IDE hard disk interface, minimum of one serial and one parallel interface, PCI/ISA buses, 100BaseT network interface, capacity to boot and run a generic COTS operating system in a near real-time environment from local non-volatile storage.
Form Factor The CMIB shall conform to both electrical and physical PC104+ standards.
Hardware Booting  The CMIB shall have control of hardware warm boots such that an external command from the MCCC to reboot the CMIB shall have an option to force a hardware warm boot.
Accessibility  All computers within the CMCS system shall have the ability for authorized users to directly access individual systems for maintenance and monitoring through remote logins.
Hardware addressing  The CMIB shall be able to read back the contents of all writeable hardware control registers where meaningful. It is desired that the state of the correlator hardware be available through interrogation across the CMIB bus for monitoring and fault tolerance.
Hardware Visual Health Monitoring  The carrier board for the CMIB shall have an externally visible indicator (LED or other) that will provide a user with a physical indication of CMIB operational status (red = fault, green = ok).
System Isolation  The MCCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally such that the system can boot and run in a stand-alone configuration. This should allow the correlator CMIBs to boot, configure, and run without any communication outside of the correlator M&C network.
Self-Monitoring  Each computer system in the CMCS shall have a hardware based watchdog timer configured to reboot the system in the case of a system hang. Reboots should result in minimal system interruptions with the offending CPU reconfiguring and returning to service autonomously.
Form Factor  The CPCC shall be a high availability type generalpurpose computer capable of supporting a COTS operating system and have the ability to accept a large number of external hardware status signals (power, temp, etc) either directly or through external interface hardware. This computer may exist as a hot swappable or redundant CPU device capable of self-healing where possible.
Debugging  all software application modules shall be debuggable. They should be organized such that all inputs and outputs can be simulated if necessary.
Processing Software Performance  The CMCS processors shall be capable of meeting all data processing deadlines and anticipated future requirements
Processor Hardware Performance  The CMCS processors shall be capable of responding to correlator hardware inputs (interrupts) in a deterministic fashion with sufficient performance to avoid data loss, corruption or overflows.
Errors  All lower system error and debug messages shall be present at the MCCC layer. Aside from a networking or CPU failure, It should never be necessary to directly access a CPU to display error messages.
Error Message Access  All system error and debug messages shall be categorized in a logical fashion such that message traffic can be filtered as to content, detail, and message rate. Personnel interested in error messages should be able to easily filter the error message stream.
Time Stamps  All messages passed between CMCS system layers shall have both UTC and wall clock time stamp information appropriate for the message type. Error messages will be stamped with their discovery time, control messages will be stamped with their generation time. Other message internal time stamps can be used as monitor/control parameters as deemed necessary.
Test Software. - Software shall be provided that allows an authorized user full access to all messaging, monitor, and control traffic throughout the CMCS. This software will provide full system access for testing, debugging, and control while the correlator is off line or under the control of the EVLA M&C system.
Test Software GUI. A Graphical User Interface shall be provided as an interface to the CMCS test software that allows for a convenient and configurable tool to access the CMCS remotely through the VCI.
Hardware Accessibility  all system processing and interconnect hardware shall be readily accessible for maintenance, repair, replacement and/or reconfiguration. This excludes items that due to their physical location, are not practical to configure for ready access (i.e. backplanes)
Hardware identification  The CMIB shall be capable of reading a 16-bit identifier from the host correlator board. This identifier will be used to form a unique IP address for CMIB network addressing and allow carry over IP addressing for hot swap modules.
Processes  all software processes shall be killable, restartable, debuggable and testable with minimal impact on normal system operations.
System Isolation The CPCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally such that the system can boot and run in a stand-alone configuration. This requirement is to allow correlator power monitoring and control to continue in the event of an M&C network failure.
Hardware communications  The CMIB daughter board shall communicate with the correlator carrier boards via either the PCI or ISA busses. Alternative communication paths may be through a serial or parallel connection as required.
Power Supplies Where applicable, all computers and peripherals shall be powered though UPS type devices with sufficient capacity for the computers to safely coordinate a system wide shutdown of the correlator hardware in the event of a prolonged power outage. The UPS devices need the ability to signal the CMCS when a power outage has occurred and keep the CMCS apprised of time remaining on backup power.
Network Topology  Pathways penetrating the correlator shielded room shall be fiber optic or other low RFI material to meet RFI specifications.
Auto-correction  the CMCS shall be self-monitoring. It will be capable of detecting, reporting on and automatically taking action to remedy or lessen the impact of, at a minimum, the following types of abnormal conditions: processor hardware failure, operating system hangs or crashes, temperature or voltage deviations, computational performance below minimum specifications, computational error rates above maximum specification, internal communications failures, and external (with the EVLA M&C) communications disruptions.
Software  the software part of the system shall be able to perform without total system restart due to internal failure between system maintenance windows.
Hardware  I/O, communications, and processing hardware shall be easily expandable, reconfigurable, augmentable and replaceable to meet increasing data traffic and processing demands imposed by EVLA science, Correlator changes, and availability of new hardware.
Loss of Control Data the system shall be able to continue processing of all correlator configuration/control events until the queues of parameters are exhausted and external communications are restored.
Network Protocol  The interface between the MCCC and external networks (EVLA M&C) shall be Ethernet (IEEE 802.3 compliant) of 100 Mbits/sec or better data rate.
Redundant Communication - There shall be a redundant communication path (serial RS-232c or equivalent) between the MCCC and CPCC to provide for remote reboot in the event of a networking or computing failure.
Network Isolation  The MCCC-CMIB, MCCC-CPCC, and MCCC-EVLA M&C networks shall be on separate physical interfaces.
Network Distribution - Network switches shall be employed to distribute traffic within a correlator rack and where their use will significantly reduce overall network wiring complexity.
Security - Network routers/switches shall be employed at the MCCCEVLA M&C interface level (or higher) to protect the MCCC from unauthorized access and irrelevant network traffic.
Network Protocol  The interface between the CMIB, MCCC, and CPCC shall be Ethernet (IEEE 802.3 compliant) of 100 Mbits/sec or better data rate.
Network Topology  The interface shall be transformer coupled copper twisted pair unless other materials are required for noise (RFI), ground isolation, or physical layout constraints (long distances).
This is no longer the case since everybody agrees upon having a single point of contact per Member State (even though the Member State is organized with several Card Issuing Authorities  up to the Member State to manage its own organisation).
There will be no restriction in time or place for the use of the software built from the specifications produced under this contract.
The system must be able to establish and keep the dialog with the Members systems despite the various technical environments and technologies used on their sites.
The system will be designed so that background tasks can continue while the user performs foreground tasks.
The system will be used 24x7 by operators under pressure to produce results rapidly. The system must respond rapidly to user requests irrespective of any background tasks. Such highavailability (24x7) is also required from the Member States systems to ensure acceptable response time (less than 1 minute) to enforcement authorities requests.
The system should be able to support other types of message structure to cover f.i. a future driving licence network and correlated activities.
The system must be maintainable and extensible. SUP-03 The system must be designed so that it can migrate to upgraded hardware or new versions of the operating systems involved.
The system must be able to migrate to other type of network than the one proposed by TESTA-II.
Each Member of this network will organise its data about smart card holders with no constraints or recommendations on operating system and/or technology used. The system will be able to dialog with these environments or specify a generic interface to dialog with the Members applications.
The system must be designed and documented with the expectation that its operational lifetime will be many years.
The system must use the network facilities supplied by the TESTA-II network.]
The algorithms in the software will be based on existing techniques and no research will be required to develop new algorithms under this contract.
The system is to be designed as a robust and dependable operational system which is tolerant to operator errors and which will recover cleanly from power cuts or other disasters.
The system must function reliably, with few or no interruptions in its first operational year and fewer still thereafter.
The system must give stable and reproducible results.
The system must make it easy to correct mistakes.
The system must provide solutions/rules regarding data encoding problems such as supporting different character sets, name truncation rules, name matching in case of misspelling.
Most of the functionality of the new software shall depend on pre-existing or commercially available software.
The system must be easy to learn and does not obstruct the thematic understanding of the users.
The system must allow enforcement authorities (through its Card Issuing Authority) to ask for workshop card status (based on workshop card number + issuing Member State code) to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card.
The system must guide users through an interface based on end user concepts.
The system must allow a member of the network to send requests to a particular or all the other members about possible delivery of a drivers smart card to a similar person.
The system must allow a member of the network to send a bulk request on all or a large part of its drivers smart card holders to a particular or all members of the network.
The system must track the workflow between senders and related replies.
The system must be able, in accordance with the rules on delays for each transaction, to automatically transmit alert messages to senders/replier/administrator when, f.i. a constraint on delay for reply is not fulfilled.
The system must allow the administrator to extract statistics of use, standard delay of reply by member/period, percentage of unsuccessful transaction,...
The system must provide the management of user rights and permissions.
The system must allow a member to do statistics on messages issued and received from/to his system. FUN-04 The system must provide automatic reply to the sender of the request through the use of a standard interface to the Members systems.
The system must be able to include new members in the network through simple administrative tasks.
The system must be highly automatic to relieve the users of as many repetitive and tedious tasks as possible.
The system must provide at application level a full security and encryption policy compatible with the level of security required in such situation.
The system must be such that none of the Member States of the network, including the administrator, re-construct a consolidated European database.
The system must allow a Member State (through its Card Issuing Authority) to ask for the status of card (lost, stolen,) to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card.
The system must allow a Member State (through its Card Issuing Authority) to send card status modification requests (lost, stolen,) to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card.
The system must be able to define and manage various type of messages already in the drivers smart card holder like predelivery check, stolen/lost cards, renewals, exchanges and duplicates.
The system must allow enforcement authorities (through its Card Issuing Authority) to ask for drivers card status (based on either card number + issuing Member State code or drivers surname, first names, date of birth and issuing Member State code) to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the Member State having issued the card.
Customer log notes shall store the date and comments regarding any correspondence with a parent.
The software shall support the ability to enter, store, and update parent, child and billing information.
The Child s record shall contain the following information: Name, Date of birth, Gender, Classroom name, Special needs, Photo, Teacher s comments, Immunization dates.
The Parent s record shall contain the following information:Name, Address, Home phone, Work phone, Email address, Emergency contact, Name of an authorized pick up.
The Child Notes & Comments Report shall list the children alphabetically by last name and include any notes that are attached to their records.
The Account Activity Report shall list a selected customer s account activity by date.
The Child Enrollment/Withdrawal Report shall list the children alphabetically by last name and whether or not they are registered or withdrawn from the Child Care Center.
An Immunization Due & History Report shall list the children alphabetically by last name and include any remaining immunizations that are required and the dates of previous immunizations.
Each classroom shall only accept a maximum of 20 children.
When a user edits an account their user ID along with the date, time and a description of the change shall be recorded in the database.
Each student shall only belong to one class.
A password shall be assigned to each user.
A waiting list shall store the names and phone numbers of up to 100 potential customers waiting for a classroom opening to enroll their child.
If there is no activity for 10 minutes the user shall be logged off of the system.
The system shall have a Web based interface that works with Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator.
The background color of all windows shall be blue.
The system shall respond to all user requests within 20 seconds.
Each user shall be required to log on with a unique user name and password before using the system. The password does not need to be unique.
The user name shall be the first four charters of the employee s last name followed by the first three characters of their first name.
The password shall contain 6 to 8 alphanumeric characters.
After three unsuccessful attempts to enter a password the user shall be locked out of the system until their password is reset.
A new password shall be assigned if a user forgets.
A Family Registration Information Report shall list the customer names alphabetically and include their address and home telephone number.
One teacher and one assistant shall be assigned to each class.
A Parent/Child Cross Reference Report shall list the parents alphabetically by last name and include their children s first names.
When the user logs onto the system on the date of their reminder, they shall receive a popup window displaying their reminder message.
A Daily Classroom & Center Enrollment Report shall alphabetically list the names of children by classroom and indicate if they are present or absent.
A Birthday Lists & Child Age Report shall list the children alphabetically by last name and include their birthday and age.
There shall be two levels of access; one for teachers and assistants and one for administrators.
The teachers and assistants shall only be allowed to enter or edit child comments and child arrival or departure times.
The administrators shall be allowed to enter or edit all data.
Only the administrators shall be allowed to view or print reports.
All employees shall be allowed to use the Daily Reminders.
Users shall only be allowed to set daily reminders for themselves.
The date of the reminder shall be selected from a calendar.
The user shall be allowed to enter up to a 50 character message for their reminder.
A child s record shall contain the dates that their required immunizations were received.
When a child is within two weeks of a required immunization a message shall be displayed when their teacher logs onto the system.
Only the administrators shall be allowed to view or print invoices.
The Administrators shall be able to enter the type and schedule of required immunizations.
A child s record shall contain the date of their last physical examination.
All invoices shall be available for printing at the end of each month.
Customers shall be billed $10 an hour (per child) for late pick ups.
Itemized customer invoices showing amount due shall be available for printing.
An account history for each customer shall contain all activity by date.
A Customer Directory Report shall list the customers alphabetically by last name and include their address and phone number.
If more than two children are enrolled a parent shall be billed $157.50 for the first two children plus $45 for each additional child at the end of each month.
If only two children are enrolled a parent shall be billed $157.50 at the end of each month.
If only a single child is enrolled a parent shall be billed $90 at the end of the each month.
A notification for required immunizations shall be printed on the monthly invoice.
Each investigation subject may be associated with exposure contacts, including unambiguous links to contacts in other jurisdictions.
Contacts of exposed entities (e.g., people, animals, places) may be traced, investigated, and monitored.
Systems supporting OM should be able to create new contacts from existing case records, and should also identify the contact type.
Systems supporting OM must support contact exposure tracing by allowing one contact to be linked to multiple cases, and allowing multiple contacts to be linked to a single case.
Systems supporting OM should be able to produce contact work lists for each investigator to use, and should allow sorting by priority or geography.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to produce charts, maps, and graphs that illustrate OM data, such as epi-curves and the effect of vaccination or prophylaxis on the number of new cases (demonstrating the effectiveness in containing the health event) or maps that illustrate the number of cases by zip code.
If the specimen/sample was created from another specimen/sample (e.g., aliquots, and new specimen types created from a source sample), laboratory results for the child specimens/samples must be linked to the corresponding parent specimen/sample.
Systems supporting OM should generate electronic data dictionaries for dynamic data (or other user-defined data descriptions to assist with effective data exchange), line lists, activity logs, aggregate data, and call-back lists to assist the emergency response group and investigators in responding to and containing a health event.
Reports generated by systems supporting OM should clearly indicate the number of cases, the number of contacts per case, the number of cases with no known epi-link at the time of diagnosis, the laboratory results, and the number of vaccinations and/or treatments administered.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to produce pre-formatted queries and reports to allow faster and more accurate reporting, while still allowing the flexibility of ad-hoc reporting.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to produce individual reports for each emergency team member or investigator.
Systems supporting OM should allow for analytical searches based upon multiple criteria.
Laboratory results must be linked to corresponding specimens/samples including multiple results from one specimen/sample), and subjects when the participating laboratory returns the results. These linkages must unambiguously associate multiple laboratory results to case and contact identifiers.
Electronic questionnaires must be developed and validated. They will be designed by investigators to collect common data elements (e.g., patient demographics, test results, exposure contacts), agent-specific data elements (e.g., specific laboratory test), and other customized data elements.
Each new case must be able to link an assigned Entity ID to an Event ID within the scope of the investigation.
Entity-to-epi data links must match the entity to their symptoms, survey questions, specimens/samples collected, laboratory results, and prophylaxis and treatment data.
Systems supporting OM must support dynamically defined associations between entities for the purpose of defining relationships. For example, person-to-person (e.g., family relationship, exposure relationship), person-to- place (e.g., household, common place), animal-to-person, object-to-place, person-to-travel.
Systems supporting OM should track the changes made to the status of case records as a result of changes in the case definition.
Systems supporting OM should provide a manual or automatic means of updating the status of case records as the case definition changes.
Case investigation should be supported by reusable questionnaire libraries that use common terminology (where available) to maximize the efficiency of data exchange.
Systems supporting OM must provide the ability to publish investigation- specific questionnaires and implementation guides.
Systems supporting OM must provide the ability to control the configuration of and revisions to investigation-specific questionnaires.
Electronic questionnaires should provide the capability to accept digital signatures.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to compare characteristics of exposed and non-exposed (i.e., controls) persons.
Activity logs may also provide information needed to support communication with various jurisdictions in the event that the investigation crosses jurisdictional boundaries. For example, if a person becomes ill during travel in one jurisdiction but is the resident of another, the illness will be reported by the state (jurisdiction) of residence, rather than by the jurisdiction visited.
Activity logs, which are tools for investigators to track their actions during a case, should be supported. For example, investigators may log calls made to monitor symptoms or calls made to schedule follow-up visits.
Systems supporting OM should capture information such as the date and time of an activity, activity type, who initiated the activity, and contact information to generate activity logs for management purposes.
Systems supporting OM require the ability to capture information about possible cases and potential contacts from the identification process through the treatment and follow-up process, as supported by linkages among entities, events, and actions.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to produce lists of action items (e.g., to do lists).
Systems supporting OM must be able to exchange messages for confirmed, probable and suspect cases, and the other case classifications that are noted in the PHIN message implementation guide, with systems supporting surveillance, early event detection (EED), and other preparedness areas. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM must be able to aggregate data. Examples of aggregated data to be supported are: number of cases, number of contacts per case, and number of vaccinations and/or treatments administered.
Privacy requirements ensure that sensitive information is not accessibly to unauthorized uses. Privacy requirements are broadly defined because they span all PHIN functional areas. These requirements should be reviewed in PHIN Preparedness Cross Functional Components Requirements, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems and data supporting OM must be protected from sabotage, corruption and unauthorized access, and must be available subsequent to a catastrophic event.
Policies and procedures should be in place for determining when follow up and isolation and quarantine monitoring should be done as a part of a focused countermeasure administration and response effort, rather than as a function of contact exposure tracing.
Processes and personnel should be identified to support agent-specific deployment packages, including syndromic grouping libraries and vocabulary sub-sets, which will be used to efficiently collect data specific to the particular health event being investigated.
Protocols and personnel should be identified to support the set-up and configuration of laptops and other field devices used in OM investigations.
Configuration management protocols and personnel should be identified to support multiple deployment options.
Polices regarding data synchronization should be defined to support multiple deployment options as discussed in section 2.1 System Architecture of this document.
Policies and procedures for communicating information to appropriate stakeholders (e.g., state and federal emergency management organizations, FEMA, hazmat teams, public works facilities, intelligence organizations, the media, and the public) should be clearly defined.
Data exchange should support analysis and information sharing of possible health events at all levels of public health (e.g., national, state, local).
Systems supporting OM should support multiple file formats for import and export, such as databases, spreadsheets, messages, and text files, among others.
Message components should be grouped by observation type (e.g., laboratory, symptom, exposure, risk, treatment) by systems supporting OM.
Mapping interfaces and data dictionaries must be clearly defined and included in data exchanges to indicate and describe both standard and customized fields because systems supporting OM are configurable to meet the individual needs of each event and therefore collect data specific to each event.
Systems supporting OM should be able to provide the aggregate data necessary for health event monitoring to systems that support response tracking, such as the number of suspect cases, number of persons under isolation or quarantine, and the number of patients receiving countermeasures.
Systems supporting OM must be able to exchange aggregated data. Examples of aggregated data to be supported are: number of cases, number of contacts per case, and number of vaccinations and/or treatments administered.
Systems supporting OM must be able to create and send messages for countermeasure administration requests. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Countermeasures that have been administered must be linked to the entity that was administered the countermeasures.
Systems supporting OM must be able to receive, parse and process messages for countermeasures that have been administered. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM must exchange messages for investigations and for exposure contacts. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
If an affected person suffers a negative reaction to a vaccine or prophylaxis that was administered, adverse event data may be collected and used to determine the need for additional interventions or to determine if there is a problem with the pharmaceutical, batch, or the administering facility or person. For specific data requirements regarding adverse event data, please reference PHIN Preparedness Countermeasure/Response Administration Functional Requirements and Process Flows, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM should be able to exchange messages for laboratory results with systems supporting surveillance, early event detection (EED), and other preparedness areas.
Laboratory results should be linked to laboratory test requests, which are linked to subjects.
Systems supporting OM must be able to receive, parse and process messages for laboratory results. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM should be able to receive, parse and process messages for laboratory test request responses, in accordance with PHIN Laboratory Test Order Response Message Implementation Guide, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM must be able to create and send messages for laboratory test requests. This requirement is identified as a key performance measure for assessing preparedness as described in PHIN Preparedness Key Performance Measures, available at www.cdc.gov/phin.
Systems supporting OM must be able to accept data from other partner systems supporting OM.
Contact information for key response partner organizations should be stored in a local instance of a public health directory for associating to a health event, as described in section 2.2.2 Health event Data of this document.
Health event data should be aggregated into a centralized data store (i.e., data warehouse) designed specifically to support analysis of events over time.
Systems supporting OM must have the ability to print questionnaires for multiple uses, including taking to the field, use during phone interviews, etc.
Contraindication information should be collected to indicate why vaccinations, treatments, or antidotes may not have been administered or why the patient may not have complied with prescribed interventions.
Data should be accessible for use with commonly available analytical tools (e.g., SAS, SPSS, EPI-INFO, MS Access, MS Excel, Crystal Reports).
All levels of granularity of results (e.g., specimen/sample level, assay level) must be supported.
Case data about the entity should include: a case identifier (i.e., Case ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction being reported, the suspected agent, case diagnosis, health status (e.g., no symptoms, acute illness), case status (e.g., confirmed, probable, suspect), investigation dates, clinical history, symptom onset date and time, epidemiological links to other cases, and priority (e.g., high, medium, low).
Because attributes of both case and exposure data may describe the same entity, systems supporting OM must have the ability to avoid capturing redundant entity demographic information.
Detailed conveyance data must be collected when relevant to the investigation, including the carrier identifier, the type of conveyance (such as airplane, bus, or train, among countless others), as well as the make, model, year, and identification number (e.g., VIN) of each vehicle with which the entity was in contact (if this information is relevant to the investigation).
Travel history data to be collected for an animal or object should include shipping invoices, animal shelter delivery and adoption receipts, and delivery schedules (including delivery vehicle and driver information).
Information about each leg of a trip, as well as the parent information about the trip, should be captured. For example, if a person who lives in Georgia travels to Seattle and becomes exposed to monkey pox, then visits a friend in Santa Fe, travel history and conveyance data should be noted accordingly for each place the exposed person traveled.
Travel history data should include information such as the method of transportation (e.g. bus, plane, boat, car), flight number, departure and arrival dates and times, and the origination and destination locations (city, state, and country).
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to capture changes to the case definition that occur as the health event evolves.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to record the case definition for a health event.
Data describing the health event should be captured, including the reason for the investigation, the category of event (e.g. environmental, infectious), the date the event began, the suspected agent (if known) or investigation focus, the geographic area impacted by the event, as well as the event status (e.g., open, closed).
When a health event is investigated, it must be assigned an event identifier (i.e., Event ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture an entitys travel history to support investigations of entities infected, exposed or potentially exposed.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about any living things other than persons or animals that are involved in an OM investigation, including: type of living thing, and other customizable data collection questions.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about any public or private gathering of people (e.g., church social, ball game) involved in an OM investigation, including: time, location, nature of the event, etc.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about any conveyance involved in an OM investigation, including: type of conveyance, route taken (e.g., flight number), etc.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data for any object involved in an OM investigation, such as a letter, invoice, food item, or any object that cannot be classified as a person, organization, place, or animal. Collected data may include: name of the object, type, physical descriptors, address, identification number (e.g. serial number, package slip number), and relevant dates and times (e.g., invoice date, shipping date, packaging date).
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about any animals involved in an OM investigation, including: type (dog, monkey, etc), age, gender, owners name and address, color, weight, and species. A Subject ID should also be collected for animals in an OM investigation. It may be a challenge to ensure unambiguous identification because demographic details of an animal are not easily identified; therefore, animals involved in investigations may need to be tagged.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about locations involved in an OM investigation, including: name (if applicable), type (e.g., floor, building, room, store), street address, city, state, zip code, country, GPS coordinates, and other specific details (e.g., a specific building on a campus, a business branch location, a local chapters meeting hall)
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture data about organizations (e.g., a local health department, a university, a professional association) involved in an OM investigation, including: organization name, location, and contact information.
Other descriptive details may be captured, such as occupation and work history.
Systems supporting OM must have the capability to capture demographic data about persons involved in an OM investigation, including: Subject ID, name, address, date of birth, gender, phone number, race, ethnicity, and country of citizenship.
Systems supporting OM should be able to electronically record and store data from remote devices that may be uploaded to an aggregating system.
OM data should be synchronized so that all instances of OM applications working from the same server are able to share and use the same data.
Systems supporting OM should provide the ability for computers in disconnected mode to reconnect to a server to share OM data among other computers that operate in disconnected mode.
Systems supporting OM should support multiple deployment options (e.g., client server, disconnected, and potentially web based).
Systems supporting OM must support structured data entry for common forms and fields to ensure data integrity, validity, and standardization. A standardized data structure ensures that data mapping of common elements will only be necessary one time, rather than for each event.
Systems designed to support OM must offer configuration flexibility so that new data fields, entities, entity types and relationship types may be added to capture information unique to each particular health event.
Systems supporting OM should capture or be linked to data regarding the prophylaxis or treatment to cases, exposed individuals, or at risk persons, including the person who ordered the prophylaxis or treatment, and the name, date, type, duration, and dosage of the treatment or prophylaxis given. For specific data requirements regarding the administration of prophylaxis and treatment.
There must be a means to update the case diagnosis either manually or automatically if the case definition changes during an event.
Epidemiological (epi) data must be collected to assist in the case investigation of events. Standard epi data to be collected includes: onset date and time of symptoms, type of symptoms, risk factors, medical history data, laboratory data, procedure data, and questionnaire responses.
Systems supporting OM should be capable of using configurable, domain-specific vocabulary.
In the context of a case, all entities exposed to a case must be recorded and linked to the case.
If the specimen/sample collection record does not exist, the laboratory result must be linked to the subject by the Subject ID.
Systems supporting OM must allow for dynamic, event-specific case investigation data to be captured.
If the specimen/sample collection record exists, the laboratory result must be linked to the specimen collection record by the Specimen ID.
Systems supporting OM must store data about laboratory results. Examples of this data include the Specimen ID, Subject ID, test date and time, test type (LOINC), data for each organization involved in the testing of the specimen/sample (e.g., testing or reference laboratory name, location, contact information), laboratory results and result values (SNOMED), other data such as unit of measure for result value, overall interpretation, and any relevant notes.
Systems supporting OM must be able to store laboratory result(s) and link the result(s) to the original laboratory test request. More information about receiving and linking laboratory test requests is found in section 2.5 System Integration and Data Exchange of this document.
Information about batch shipments of specimens/samples that are transferred to test laboratories or other facilities must be collected, including the shipper (e.g., UPS, FedEx), shipment tracking number, and the sending organizations contact information.
Systems supporting OM must be able to create a laboratory test request for a specimen/sample or group of specimens/samples. More information about creating laboratory test requests is found in section 2.5 System Integration and Data Exchange of this document.
Chain of custody information for forensic and select agent samples must be captured, including the person who collected the sample, the location of collection, all people who came into contact with the sample during the preparation for shipment to the laboratory, and the acceptance of the package by the shipper.
Chain of custody information for all specimens/samples should be captured.
Bar-coding should be supported for the capture of detailed specimen/sample data to improve the quality and efficiency of data collection.
Food sample data should include information about the lot number, batch number, manufacturer name, shipping invoice, temperature, sample type (e.g., dairy  milk, red meat, spice), and product storage condition.
Environmental sample data should include information about the collection method, location (geocoded if possible) from which the sample was taken, source (e.g., rain or well for water, radiation release, asbestos, chair or desk in a specified location), nature of the sample (e.g., soil, water, air), quality control data, collection begin and end date and time for air samples, and original volume and volume of concentrate tested for water samples.
Clinical specimen data should include information about the specimen source/site from which the specimen was taken, symptom date of onset, and whether the sample is acute or convalescent.
Systems supporting OM should be able to support the inclusion of labeling, packaging and shipping instructions (e.g., container type, storage condition, preservative), and the shipping manifest with batch shipments of specimens/samples.
The subject of a specimen/sample collected for laboratory testing must be linked to the specimen/sample by an identifier (i.e., Subject ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction.
Systems supporting OM must be able to store data about the specimens/samples that are collected for laboratory testing. Examples of this data are: Specimen ID, Subject ID, purpose for test, collection date and time, subject type (e.g., human, plant, animal, food), specimen category, specimen type, suspected agent, risk indicator (e.g., infectious, radioactive, corrosive), person performing specimen/sample collection (including contact information), location of collection, and volume and quantity details.
Demographic information should be collected about the investigator, including their name, address, and contact information, so that the investigator may be contacted to answer questions or to provide additional information.
Systems supporting OM should have the ability to classify entities associated with the investigation as investigation controls. For example, controls share demographic characteristics with the subject of the case, but are not infected with the agent that is the focus of the investigation.
Both the jurisdiction investigating the event and the jurisdiction reporting the cases and associated investigations must be captured. For example, if a person becomes ill during travel in one jurisdiction but is the resident of another, the illness will be reported by the state (jurisdiction) of residence and investigated by the jurisdiction visited.
Detailed data must be collected about the source of exposure as well as the exposed entity to support contact exposure tracing. Exposure data related to both the potential source and the potential spread include the entitys type, Subject ID, Contact ID, contacts name and address, exposure dates and times, health status, and priority code.
Epi data must be collected to assist in the exposure investigation of health events. Standard epi data to be collected for exposure investigation parallels the data to be collected for case investigation and includes: onset date and time of symptoms, type of symptoms, risk factors, laboratory data, procedure data, and questionnaire responses.
Exposure investigation data to be captured must include information related to exposure levels, type of exposure (e.g., intimate, social, household, common conveyance), place of exposure, length of time the entity was exposed, frequency of exposure, and the entitys proximity to the source of exposure.
Systems supporting OM should support the monitoring and follow-up activities required when tracking the status of cases and exposed individuals.
Monitoring data should be collected about cases and exposed individuals who are isolated or quarantined because of a health event.
Follow-up data should be collected from subjects or their proxies to track symptoms and compliance with recommended treatment plans or prophylaxis.
Follow-up data may be received from take response exams of persons who received a countermeasure that requires such an exam (i.e., smallpox vaccination).
Specimens/samples collected for laboratory testing must be assigned an identifier (i.e., Specimen ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction.
Systems supporting OM must support capturing dynamic, event- specific data that describes contact between two subjects.
The administrator shall be able to remove users from the system or disable access as appropriate.
The system shall be capable of validating user name and password during log-in process.
The system shall be capable of authorizing access to Pontis functionalities depending on the users privileges during log-in process.
The system shall be capable of tracking login and logout activity.
The system shall be capable of running concurrent sessions for a user.
The system shall be capable of supporting Windows Authentication mechanism for database access.
The system shall be capable of initiating a session without a login prompt. This capability will provide support for an independent launch shell for Pontis and will be configured by the system administrator.
The system shall be capable of integrating authentication and permissions with BRIDGEWare22.
The system shall be capable of operating with a single-sign-on authentication mechanism based on Active Directory Services or the LDAP standard.
The administrator shall be able to add and configure pre-populated new structure templates.
The system shall be capable of storing the INI file configuration information in the database or workstation registry as appropriate, eliminating dependency on INI files for program operation.
The system will accommodate XP directory security and file permissions when storing any configuration or session parameters.
The administrator shall be able to edit the DATADICT table or its successor(s) through a GUI window.
The administrator shall be able to configure field-level security.
The administrator shall be able to configure some fields as mandatory for user input.
The administrator shall be able to configure different levels of permission to control editing of checked-out bridges.
The system shall adhere to a .NET logging standard.
The administrator shall be able to assign bridge-level filters for each user.
The system shall adhere to a .NET exception handling standard.
The administrator shall be able to configure the system units of measure in either English or metric mode. This will be a permanent setting for the application and database.
The administrator shall be able to create bridge-level access filters.
The system shall strictly separate transient or volatile batch operation control records  e.g. bridge records to be included in a report  from more static control record  e.g. currently checked-out bridges.
The administrator shall be able to add new users to the system.
The administrator shall be able to configure the values in the dropdown lists in the system.
The system shall guarantee atomic database transactions to ensure maximum data integrity, using standard .NET transaction management capabilities.
The system shall maximize multi-user concurrency and conflict resolution in the application using standard .NET session and transaction management capabilities.
The user shall be able to exchange data in NBI format.
The user shall be able to exchange data in PDI format as specified in the Pontis Technical Manual.
The user shall be able to exchange data in XML format. The emerging TransXML schema specification17 shall be utilized once established and accepted.
The user shall be able to exchange bridge inspection data in PDI format.
The user shall be able to designate a recipient for checked-out bridges.
The system shall store all export/import control information within the database for central administration, eliminating any dependency on workstation control files to manage export/import behavior.
The user shall be able to modify his or her basic account profile.
The user shall be able to archive data for existing and removed structures.
The system shall provide reporting mechanism for viewing archived data.
The user shall be able to restore the archived data.
The system shall use timestamps in the database to log when rows were last changed.
The system shall continue to provide existing application integration capabilities with BRIDGEWare products.
The system shall support concurrent storage in the database of planned, active, and inactive structures, and potentially other status/lifecycle phase indicators, to facilitate BRIDGEWare integration.
The administrator shall be able to create and edit new application roles.
The administrator shall be able to assign users to application roles.
The system shall provide user interface for managing application roles.
The administrator shall be able to assign application permissions to each user roles.
A selection/filter capability shall be provided to restrict operations on active, inactive, or all structures during any data archiving activity.
The administrator shall be able to create agency-specific elements, including element definitions, condition states, actions, models and other related information.
The Pontis 5.0 repository must be able to store the following quantities of bridges, work recommendations, scenarios, projects, and users at a minimum:
The administrator shall be able to add custom structure lists.
A standalone database engine will continue to be necessary. Performance objectives for the standalone database should be comparable.
Some of these factors may make it impossible to achieve the performance requirements for Pontis 5.0 outlined in this section. However, based on our assessment of the existing condition of most agency systems and infrastructure, we think this outcome is unlikely.
There are selected licensees, typically smaller agencies, who may have much lower powered computer resources, and their performance must be acceptable as well, although not necessarily comparable to larger installations.
This section presents speed targets for specific system functions. The apparent speed of many operations will be affected by network latency (delays due to transmission of text and images from the Pontis application server to the client desktop machine and web browser, or for standalone operations). The times indicated in the table represent user-experienced response times.
The target times indicated in the table represent 90% thresholds  that is, the performance requirement specified here means that the indicated functions will take less than the indicated length of time an average of 9 out of 10 times.
Pontis 5.0 is not strictly a transactional application or mission-critical for most capabilities. In light of this, the application shall be available for use 18 hours per day, 353 days per year, reserving 6 hours per day and one day per month for routine agency network and infrastructure maintenance. During normal times of operation, Pontis shall achieve 98 percent up time.
Because Pontis 5.0 is not a mission-critical application, there will be no attempt to design or construct the system for uninterrupted operation. Agencies may choose to implement database transaction logging, mirroring, or switchover to backup servers in the event of a hardware or network failure, but support for these decisions or implementation are beyond the scope of Pontis 5.0 effort. Procedures and equipment for backups (database and software) and disaster recovery are also outside the scope of this effort.
The Pontis application server (ASP.NET) software will run on a server located within a (presumably) secure facility at each agency. Because it is an ASP.NET application, the end users can vary in location depending on the network accessibility of the server. The Pontis database, and any other databases to be accessed from Pontis may be co-located on the same server machine, but at a minimum must be accessible from the Pontis application server via standard database communication and connection protocols.
The server machine will run Windows Server 2003 or, given technology evolution, a descendant target server environment identified in the implementation plan. The server machine must have all necessary software to run an ASP.NET application. This specifically includes, but may not be limited to, IIS30, the .NET Framework and ASP.NET. Other web servers, appliances, and add-in technologies may also be necessary depending on the final application design.
The effective speed and congestion levels on the network that connects the servers and client machines running the application; and
Back-end server stored procedures and server-side functions will be supported and may be assumed to be usable in the technical design of Pontis 5.0. This will require implementation of the triggers in native DBMS procedural code. This implies that it is very likely that the server-side code will vary for each target DBMS, even if the interfaces remain identical, increasing the development and testing effort with the significant benefit of assigning processing to the appropriate application tier(s).
Standalone capabilities will require a workstation running the latest .NET Framework, presumably Windows XP Professional (SP2) or its successor. Some capabilities may require a network connection. The workstations hardware requirements will be similar to those of the existing Pontis 4.4 application. There will continue to be a standalone/runtime database engine provided with the application for offline work. The offline database is assumed to be Sybase Adaptive Server Anywhere release 9 or above.
Pontis 5.0 security is a mix of database security and application security. Overall security is provided by the database and the Pontis 5.0 user authentication mechanisms with more refined security over program capabilities - e.g. create a bridge - being addressed by the application.
It is assumed that authentication will utilize a single sign-on (SSO) approach and application security will be declaratively managed through database or directory entries, rather than hard-wired into the application. This mechanism may have implications for BRIDGEWare/AASHTOWare generally and will need to be coordinated with the other AASHTO products31.
Database security will need to be insured for the Pontis data stored in the RDBMS; most likely this will be done by using a specific username/password combination and running as particular database roles for each database connection. This security structure should be similar to the existing security approach in Pontis 4.x. For web clients, care will be taken to insure that connection information is not accessible from application pages (e.g., userid/password embedded in HTML form variables).
The application level security controls will be consistent with current Pontis 4.x procedures, except more comprehensive; no exceptional controls are required. A specific requirement addresses field-level data security.
For normal users, the configurability of the system via the interface will be limited to changing the parameters used to perform the various analyses and modeling functions. Access to all other configuration parameters, such as module access, will be restricted to Pontis super users or application administrators.
There are no specific privacy or immunity (antivirus) requirements for Pontis 5.0 identified at this time.
The system shall be capable of exporting the NBI data in the specified NBI format as outlined in the NBI guideline. The system shall be capable supporting the future NBI coding guide changes.
The system shall provide data review wizard for comparing incoming bridge data with existing data. The errors will be highlighted for easy review.
Pontis 5.0 will be designed to be used with Internet Explorer; it may work correctly with other browsers but this cannot be guaranteed. Given the predominance of IE in the browser market, it does not appear to be necessary to consider support for other browsers, although this may need to be reconsidered if external customers are running the application(s) and need to employ different browser technology such as Netscape or Mozilla FireFox.
The administrator shall be able to configure definitions of element types, environments, materials, and categories.
The speed of the servers on which Pontis, the RDBMS, the analytical and other processing engines, and other information resources are installed;
Integrating DataWindow .NET is likely a short-term strategy to ease migration of user forms and reports to Pontis 5.0. A stated objective for Pontis 5.0 is eliminating dependency on PowerBuilder. Ideally, the application should not require any particular vendor technology for report or form generation, such as InfoMaker/PowerBuilder, so a sunset plan must be developed to outline a strategy to meet this objective. However, the application shall continue to provide a plug-in capability to integrate third-party .NET data displays and reports in the user workspace.
The administrator shall be able to add custom project lists.
The administrator shall be able to configure default values for various scenario parameters.
The administrator shall be able to configure customizable options that affect system operations.
The system shall validate all configuration options to verify proper program operation, including explicit identification of any potentially conflicting program options.
Configuration option validation shall be supported by a built-in diagnostic report.
The administrator shall be able to configure the labels of user interface items and screen displays.
The system shall be capable of supporting internationalization using the standard Windows/.NET internationalization support.
The system shall be capable of showing all screens, menus, user interface controls, prompts, error messages and information notices in native language, with some of these elements customizable.
The system shall provide an interface to communicate with an external service or third-party software. A set of standard interfaces25 will be defined for this capability.
The capacity and speed of the commercial RDBMS product used for the data repository;
The system shall provide application administrators with a secured tool for overriding bridge/project check-out status.
The system shall provide a fixed set of predefined, secured, administration reports to document users, user roles, application privileges, user login sessions, checked-out bridges, and other key information necessary to manage application operation.
The EIM&DSS design will be informed by World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) design guidelines26 and conform to common industry practices for user interaction behavior and user interface design. For the thin-client portion of Pontis, the AASHTO standards for thin-client web-based applications software will be followed.
The software, through its user interface, will clearly identify the product name (Pontis 5.0.x), the licensee, the connected user, and the organization that developed the system (AASHTO). Additional session identification information will be available on demand.27 The overall look and feel of the product will be that of a professional and conservative application.
Pontis 5.0 will, at AASHTOs direction, adopt any elements of the look and feel of other existing AASHTOWare/BRIDGEWare applications where appropriate. In particular, UI conventions from Virtis/Opis will be reviewed to ensure that the Pontis 5.0 does not differ markedly in appearance. AASHTO may designate such model applications and must provide the development team with access to fully-documented style sheets/UI layouts or demonstration software to support this requirement.
There will be no support for individual personalization of the user interface (skins) other than the availability of certain features that are tied to a user role (e.g. not all users will have the ability to edit bridge data and thus will not see an Edit On button on the corresponding screen).
Pontis 5.0 will be designed to be as straightforward and intuitive as possible, and familiar to existing users. The user interface will provide effective navigation, visual referencing, and task sequencing. Users will have access to on-line help throughout the UI.
The application should look and feel consistent in the web and standalone operating environments, therefore it will conform to standard .NET standalone and web application conventions with necessary accommodations for the deployment environment only where these prove necessary and appropriate.
As a general goal, Pontis users should be comfortable operating and using the software after two full days of training. Users who only wish to access and display bridge information should be comfortable operating and using the software after two hours of training. System administrators should be comfortable operating and maintaining the software after user training and one full day of system administration training.
The system developer shall consider supporting existing custom forms and reports developed in PowerBuilder 9. It shall decide on a development tool for users so that they can continue to customize Pontis and extend its capability. For example, custom forms and reports created with PowerBuilder 9 may be migrated to a .NET application by using the Sybase DataWindow .NET technology which is available in PowerBuilder 10.
The system shall provide application administrators with a secured tool for clearing batch processing tables used by the system for deadlock/lockout resolution.
The system shall allow users to configure data validation rules. This shall be a privileged operation.
The user shall be able to create and edit work recommendations. The system shall be capable of estimating quantity for bridge type work recommendations.
The system shall be capable of performing configurable input range checks using the DATADICT table upon entering data.
The user shall be able to edit and remove existing structures.
The system shall provide the ability to mark a bridge with any of several status values (e.g. inactive/closed) and automatically filter displays to recognize the status value (e.g. to automatically suppress inactive/closed structures).
The system shall support storage and management of information for bridges in a design or preconstruction state (functional requirement is related to 4.5 above)
The user shall be able to renumber the bridge key identifier and have the change made globally. This functionality shall be restricted depending on the user privilege.
The user shall be able to create a new inspection.
The user shall be able to create a new inspection by copying a previous inspection.
The user shall be able to identify and select any previous inspection as the source for the copy action. The selection can be made by combination of date, inspection type, inspector, or inspection control group.
The system shall have a short-form interface (display only NBI and element data, similar to SI&A sheet) for inspection data entry with specifics of design and functionality to be determined as part of the technical design.
The user shall have the option to copy the notes from previous inspection when creating a new inspection.
The user shall be able to create new inspection(s) by importing an PDI file.
The user shall be able to add new elements to the structure.
The user shall be able to edit all the NBI data.
Changes to calculated results such as Sufficiency Rating or NBI Appraisal Ratings will be prohibited except for secured, privileged users.
The user shall be able to edit element inspection data.
The user shall be able to edit the bridge inventory items excluding the dependent/derived values (i.e., the appraisal ratings that are calculated automatically).
The user shall be able to edit inspection and structure notes.
The system shall be capable of storing notes in plain text and XML, and shall maximize the notes field size. The user shall be capable of setting the size of the notes field.
The system shall be capable of performing data validation tasks including cross field validation upon saving data.
The user shall be able to enter and update inspection planning information (i.e., frequency of regular and special inspections and estimated resource requirements).
The user shall be able to create new structure(s) by importing from a supported file type. The supported file types are to be determined, but will include at least PDI, NBI, and XML.
The user shall be able to create a new structure by copying all data of an existing structure.
The user shall be able to create a new structure with a user-defined bridge key.
The system shall provide the ability to create or refresh a map display from a set of bridge or project records selected within the Pontis desktop.
The user shall be able to view the data stored in the Physical Inventory tables through the Pontis graphical user interface (GUI).
The user shall be able to switch between predefined structure lists.
The user shall be able to find structures based on the structure ID, structure name, feature intersected, facility carried, route number, LRS Inventory Route, KM/mile posts, structure types, design types and materials, and by searching the notes fields. The query shall be restricted depending on the user privilege.
The user shall be able to enter a WHERE clause of the SQL query in the Find and the Filter window and run a query against the bridges in the database. The query will be verified by the application and SQL errors will be reported to the user for correction. This capability shall be an application privilege. Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically.
The user shall be able to select a structure by directly typing in the structure ID in GUI, with the display scrolling to that structure. Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically.
The system shall display the data in the appropriate unit of measurement as configured for the application. This will be a permanent modal setting for the application. This setting shall be configurable (as stipulated in Requirement 22.1).
The user shall be able to select bridges on a supported map display and generate a bridge list for use within Pontis, for example, to perform a simulation analysis or to generate an inspection roster.The user shall be able to view the data stored in the Project Planning tables through the GUI.
The user shall be able to switch between predefined project lists.
The user shall be able to filter and select projects by structure ID, project ID, program, action type, project status, review status, treatment, program year, and project end date.
The user shall be able to link and manage multimedia files.
The user shall be able to find projects by project ID, project name, project status, structure ID, and program.
The user shall be able to enter a WHERE clause of the SQL query in the Find and the Filter window and run a query against the projects in the database. The query will be verified by the application and SQL errors will be reported to the user for correction. This capability shall be an application privilege. Bridge-level security of the user shall be applied automatically.
The user shall be able to select a project by directly typing in the project ID in the GUI, with the display scrolling to that structure. Bridge or project level security of the user shall be applied automatically.
The user shall be able to select projects (work) on a supported map display and generate a project/bridge list for use within Pontis, for example, to display results of a simulation analysis or to generate a STIP display.
The user shall be able to select and execute predefined reports to view bridge data, project data, preservation model data, program simulation results, and configuration data. The existing Pontis reports shall form the basis for the predefined reports to be provided in Pontis 5.0.
The user shall be able to create reports in a .NET compliant report generator other than InfoMaker and review these reports from within the Pontis GUI.
The system shall provide the ability to integrate current selections with a .NET compliant report generator other than InfoMaker. AASHTO may provide users with a list of suggested report generators to replace PowerBuilder/InfoMaker.
The system shall provide the ability to incorporate PDF files into standard Pontis reports.
The system shall provide the ability to save reports in PDF, HTML, and XML formats.
The system shall provide the ability to create any report that is bridge or project based by selecting the relevant driver records from a map display.
The user shall be able to filter and select work candidates by structure ID, project ID, program, action type, project status, review status, treatment, program year, and project end date.
The system shall provide an inspection scheduling tool.
The user shall be able to select structures by structure ID, district, county, administrative area (geographic group), ownership, custodianship, functional class, NHS status, on/off system, inspector, bridge group, inspection due dates, and all or some environment and elements. The query shall be restricted depending on the user privilege.
Privileged users shall be able to delete an existing inspection unless it is locked down.
The user shall be able to specify the characteristics of the simulation, including the simulation timeframe, various thresholds for the simulation, the project types included in the simulation, the needs addressed, and the annual budget for the simulation.
The user shall be able to update the unit costs and the policy standards governing the improvement model.
The user shall be able to modify the technical parameters governing the simulation, including the parameters of the improvement model and the simulation rules.
The user shall be able to dynamically determine bridge subsets as part of the scenario settings.
The system shall be capable of running a program simulation for a selected set of structures and storing the simulation results in the Pontis database.
The user shall be able to choose from Pontis-generated work recommendations, inspector work candidates, and user-defined work items to include in the bridge simulation for a structure.
The system shall be capable of running bridge analysis for a single structure and storing the simulation results in the Pontis database.
The system shall provide a Bridge Analysis Dashboard that will allow the user to choose work items for a structure and the timing of the work, view the impact of the work on the condition of the structure, assign the work candidates to a project, and perform life-cycle cost analysis for the structure. The exact functionality of the dashboard will be informed by review of the results of NCHRP Project 12-67, Multiple-Objective Optimization for Bridge Management Systems.
The user shall be able to create new programs by manually entering program information.
The system shall provide a preservation model dashboard integrating the capabilities described above. The exact functionality of the dashboard will be informed by review of the results of NCHRP Project 12-67, Multiple-Objective Optimization for Bridge Management Systems.
The user shall be able to edit or delete existing programs.
The user shall be able to edit or delete existing projects.
The user shall be able assign Pontis-generated work recommendations, inspector work candidates, and user-specified work items to a project, or remove work items from a project.
The user shall be able to split a project into multiple projects and combine multiple projects into a master project.
The user shall be able to edit the characteristics of multiple projects simultaneously (batch update).
The user shall be able to edit the data stored in the Project Planning tables through the GUI.
The system shall be capable of tracking and linking funding levels and project budgets. The system shall warn users if the project budget exceeds funding.
The system shall be capable of grouping work candidates by different action types  bridge-level, element-level, and flexible-level actions.
The system shall be capable of performing single-field and cross-field validation on NBI data items in batch mode.
The system shall provide the capability to lock down an inspection record once signed and sealed to prevent deletion or modification.
The user shall be able to create new projects by manually entering the project information.
The system shall be capable of determining the long-term cost of achieving an average health index target for one or more structure(s), broken down by elements, element categories, for the entire structure.
The user shall be able to select the structural elements to be included in the simulation.
The system shall be capable of incorporating Health Index targets in a preservation (short-term) model.
The user shall be able to sort the element data by unit number, environment, and quantity.
The user shall be able to view all data from any two inspections, for a single bridge, in a tiled14 presentation for easy comparison. The presentation (view/report) shall clearly highlight the difference between two inspections.
The system shall provide a configurable tracking mechanism to ensure that a set of screens and data fields have been reviewed and approved during the course of an inspection.
The system shall be capable of calculating NBI condition ratings using the FHWA NBI Translator.
The system shall be capable of calculating and storing bridge Sufficiency Rating.
The system shall streamline the model generation process (i.e. remove any unnecessary prompts as currently implemented in version 4.x).
The system shall be capable of calculating Structurally Deficient/Functionally Obsolete (SD/FO) status.
The ability of the user to update the calculated ratings and status in the database shall be a controlled privilege. Agencies may optionally exclude/prohibit direct edits to the calculated inspection results such as the NBI translator output. The agency shall therefore be able to enforce strict use of calculated translator results for calculating NBI condition ratings.
The system shall be capable of prompting users when the dependent fields for ratings are changed and offer the user option to recalculate the ratings.
The system administrator shall be able to configure the recalculation behavior of the derived data. The options shall include 1) do nothing, 2) alert user that recalculation is required and give option to recalculate before update/save, and 3) recalculate silently with no confirmation prompt when user saves the inspection.
The system shall be capable of calculating appraisal ratings.
The system shall be capable of creating cost and deterioration elicitation records for Pontis users.
The system shall be capable of updating the transition probabilities for preservation actions based on expert elicitations.
The system shall be capable of updating preservation action costs based on expert elicitations.
The system shall be capable of updating transition probabilities for donothing actions based on historical inspection data.
The user shall be able to edit the cost and deterioration models through the GUI and immediately see the impact on model recommendations.
The system shall be capable of using the transition probabilities and preservation action costs to develop an optimal preservation policy as detailed in the Pontis Technical Manual.
The system shall be capable of recovering the model if the elicitation process fails.
The system shall be capable of restoring the previous action costs, transition probabilities, and preservation policy.
The system shall eliminate any and all dependencies on workstation (user) control/parameter files for program operation. For example, parameter information required by the NBI Translator (including information currently stored in ELEMENTS.PRN and ERRORS.LST) will be stored strictly within the Pontis database rather than on individual user workstations.
The system shall be capable of supporting multiple cost and deterioration models.
The system has an embedded help file that contains basic solutions and hints for problematic situations
PR-1: The system should be executed without problems in a machine that fulfills the requirements of the Java runtime environment [2].
PR-2: The basic artificial intelligence must operate fast enough. The next move should be calculated within 10 seconds.
The system does not use or receive network connections and is used locally. This means that no network safety requirements exist. Overwriting an existing file on the file system has to be confirmed from the user to prevent accidental loss of data.
No personal information is stored by the system so no specific security requirements need to be defined.
The system functions on a computer that has a screen for output and keyboard or mouse or both for input.
SQA-1: The system shall run well on both Linux and Windows and should be playable with the mouse or the keyboard or both.
The user interface uses one main window for the actual game playing and dialog windows for changing the general settings of the system.
The system requires a working Java-environment [2] and a graphical user interface supported by the Java Swing library [4].
The system loads the game from a file
The system is playable with the minimum setup defined earlier in Hardware Requirements.
The system saves the game in a file
All the user interfaces will be designed following common guidelines in the usability document.
The system searches an external source for games on startup and loads them
The system uses a graphical user interface to display data to the user
All the games end on a pre-defined condition
The system can be used fully with a mouse
The system supports multiple games, and can load additional games from an external source
The system has support for multiple opening positions that can be applied to all the games
The system can be used fully with a keyboard
The system has an artificial intelligence that the player may play against. The artificial intelligence supports every two player game
The system shall support two player turn-based gaming
The system has an embedded AI that takes over from a player when asked to do so
The system supports defining new games without modifying the source code
The Framework API should expose at least the following functionality to client processes: Create, delete and modify Entities and Entity groups; Create, delete and modify relationships between Entities; List and access Entities with an API similar to that of a standard file system API; Execute queries for the retrieval of Entities using different criteria.
GUIs associated with the Framework SHOULD be designed such that an user with basic understanding of the Windows 2000/XP operating systems would instinctively be able to interact with them. Therefore, most GUIs MAY need to closely mimic popular Windows applications.
At this stage of the development, the Framework MAY only operate in single user mode, with no networking capabilities.
The Framework Shell SHOULD NOT utilize more than 40 megabytes of RAM.
The Framework MUST guard against malicious scripts on remote websites from accessing its information. The Framework MUST guard against unintended corruption of information by the user himself.
All proprietary trademarks, product names and/or logos used on this document are trademarks of their respective owners.
All components associated with Project ZNIX should conform to the following standards: Windows 2000 Logo Requirements [WWW05].
At this stage of development Project ZNIX requires no communication interfaces.
The online help system should be compiled utilizing as much of non-technical terms as possible. Care SHOULD be taken not to produce an exhaustive user documentation as that would defeat the main purpose of the system as expressed in the introduction to section 2. A comprehensive Developers Guide MAY be compiled to facilitate 3rd party ZNIX-aware applications.
A GUI capable of browsing the information managed by the Framework, similar to that of the Windows Explorer SHOULD be available to the user. The GUI MUST also be capable of allowing the user to specify relationships between disparate Entities as he see fit.
Provisions SHOULD be made so that at least the following 3rd party applications can take advantage of the Framework for the specified types of information.
Therefore, some residue MUST be left on the data store to indicate that a portion of data has been archived. For example, assume all information relating to a Person Entity named John is archived to a CD-ROM. When the user subsequently looks for John, the Framework SHOULD NOT declare that such an Entity was not found. Rather, it SHOULD inform the user that the Entity has been archived (and OPTIONALLY, if he wishes to proceed, to remount the relevant storage device).
Any coding conventions to be used during implementation MUST be documented before the beginning of the phase, and strictly adhered to during the phase.
Project ZNIX SHOULD be available to its potential users in source and binary from, and free of charge. The project MAY be hosted on a popular Open Source distribution website such that the Open Source community is aware of (and contribute to) its existence. The website for distributing the project SHALL include provisions for the users to make comments on the product as well as to compile a wish-list of features.
ZNIX Framework will be licensed under GNU Library General Public License (LGPL) [WWW03]. The browser and any other tool released alongside the Framework will be licensed under GNU Public License (GPL) [WWW04].
The system SHALL conform to ISO 10646 (Unicode UTF-8) and OPTIONALLY ISO 10646-1 (Unicode UTF-16) standards for character set encoding. [WWW06] Additionally, design of the system MAY yield a new set of standards that ZNIXaware client processes MAY need to conform to.
Often, the user may want to archive portions of the information-store to removable storage media (the term storage media covers only CD-ROMs and USB Pen Drives at this point). However, this SHOULD not mean that such portions would be forgotten by the Framework.
Mean Time between Failure (MTBF): The mean time between failures (MTBF) SHALL exceed 3 months.
The document is automatically saved to disk in a manner that reflects the relationships it has to other Entities. The user may in the future fetch this document by following the relationship paths that he had created.
The user MUST be able to view the information in the central store in a hierarchical manner that makes sense to him. Section 3.1.1 describes how this hierarchy is built up. The Framework SHOULD include a browser that is capable of displaying this hierarchy in a UI similar to that of the Windows Explorer. The browser MAY OPTIONALLY be integrated directly in to Windows Explorer, rather than being a standalone application. This browser MAY integrate the GUI described in section 3.1.1.5 as well.
The Framework MUST be capable of capturing information form the software tools specified in Table 3.9.3-A. The data captured SHOULD be stored in a centralized data store. The Framework MAY decide whether the information should be stored as Entities or Associates. The data capturing and archiving mechanisms MAY resemble the following.
User SHOULD be able to modify, add, delete or group these Entities by navigating to a virtual folder (e.g. /People/).
The email is intercepted before it is dispatched to the SMTP server.
An Associate is created to contain the message body.
The recipient name(s) are used to create (if required) Entities under the People category. The Associate is then linked to each Entity.
The email is fetched from the POP3 server.
The Address Book is used to create Entities under the category People (Category names are user definable. However, a certain set of categories like People, Email etc. MAY need to always be present).
The senders name is used to create Entities, under the category People. The Associate is then linked to this Entity.
User SHOULD be able to specify when he is to start a research project; i.e. when the web sites he visits subsequently are to be permanently stored.
The project name specified by the user spawns a new Entity in the Framework.
An associate is created as an archive and is linked to this Entity.
The user after editing a document in a word-processor invokes a special GUI supplied by the Framework.
The GUI allows him to draw arrows to and from (a symbol representing) the current document to any Entity creating relationships between the document and the relevant Entities.
The user may optionally specify a descriptive name for the document.
The system shall use the current corporate standard Microsoft SQL Server database engine.
Data uploading and management will likely be done as infrequently as once a year. This fact greatly limits the complexity of the user interface and the learning curve needed for completing this task.
Database Design: The database structure should be as complete as possible during the design stage but there should be a room for modification without a large overhaul during later phases.
Public users: Eventual release of the database system to the general public will add university and agency researchers who would appear similar in training to the primary users, but also would add clients with the entire range of training and interests. These users would have access to the public data without need for authentication.
Research users: Non-ARS scientists, engineers, and support staff who require ARS watershed data for research purposes. These would have similar characteristics and needs as ARS users, but because of the agency-level confidentiality issues, could not access the password-protected sensitive data.
Data operations manager: Staff, probably at OCIO, responsible for data archiving and maintenance, requiring read/write/modify privileges to all data in the system. This includes the role commonly thought of as a Database Administrator (DBA).
Watershed uploaders: Staff in the watersheds who have responsibility to upload local data requiring write access to space allocated to their specific watershed.
System operator: Staff at OCIO responsible for maintaining executable code, requiring full access to all aspects of the system.
The system will use, where appropriate, the standard hardware and data communications resources provided by the ARS OCIO at the ARS George Washington Carver Center in Beltsville, MD. This includes, but is not limited to, the general Ethernet network/T1 connection at the server/hosting site, network servers, and network management tools.
Private Network - The system requires a back-end private network environment in order to ensure that end-user operations (on the front-end) are not impeded by database backups, index propagations, or other large back-end data transfers.
The system shall be in compliance with all Accessibility, Web Design, and Security policies applicable.
ARS users: ARS scientists, engineers, and support staff who require ARS watershed data for research purposes. These would likely be conversant with the general characteristics of the data content, and to a lesser extent have abilities manipulating views of the data using database tools such as envisioned for this database system. These users will need user/password authentication to enable user settings management and to have access to data protected through the confidentiality agreements among agencies participating in CEAP.
As part of standard operating procedures, a testing plan will be documented during the Design phase. The testing plan will be based on user roles, modules or use cases, required tasks and expected outcomes.
Relational Database Management System - As the primary data storage mechanism for the corporate standard relational database management system, Microsoft SQL Server will be required to support system functionality.
An online hierarchical and cross-linked help system in HTML will describe and illustrate all system functions.
An online form will enable users to request help. Frequently asked questions will be screened for the FAQ pages.
The user s guide (or user manual) will contain sufficient information and instructions required to access and use the data system. It will include: Overview of the system features and architecture, Instructions for accessing the system, Samples of screens, where appropriate.
Backup Software  Data and application backups will be managed through fully supported backup software solutions.
HTTP and GIS Server Applications  As the Web will be the primary delivery protocol for the application, HTTP and related GIS server applications will be required to support system functionality.
Web Browsers and Browser Plug-ins  In support of External Interface requirements, commonly supported web browsers will be used to implement a thin-client architecture. The use of Browser plug-ins will be judiciously restricted on an as-needed basis.
Email Services As a secondary delivery protocol for alerts, data, and other information from the system, email server applications will be required to support system functionality.
The system will use, where appropriate, the standard software resources provided by the ARS OCIO. This includes, but is not limited to, MS ASP/Java Scripts, C++/C# , MS SQL server and IIS, or the use of PHP/Perl, JB scripts, C++/C#, MySQL server, and Apache server.
The system will make data available in standardized data formats such as tab-delimited text for use on users client systems including local installations of ARC GIS software or other off-line software applications.
The user interface will be simple and consistent, using terminology commonly understood by the intended users of the system. The system will have a simple interface, consistent with industry standard interfaces, to eliminate the need for user training of infrequent users. The STEWARDS team will evaluate the user interface of similar systems and apply appropriately. For additional details see Appendix E. User testing will be used to ensure the user interface is clear (simple, commonly understood vocabulary, intuitive to use without training), complete (users can perform all functions from the interface), and consistent (buttons and wording are the same throughout the system).
No extra hardware interfaces are needed. The system will use the standard hardware and data communications resources provided by the ARS OCIO at the ARS George Washington Carver Center in Beltsville, MD. This includes, but is not limited to, the general Ethernet network/T1 connection at the server/hosting site, network servers, and network management tools. This system will include a warning message when a low transmission speed is detected, and a non-graphical interface option will be available.
The system will use the communications resources provided by the ARS OCIO. This includes, but is not limited to, HTTP protocol for communication with the web browser and the web server and TCP/IP network protocol with HTTP protocol.
Load Balancing - Application Servers and Database servers must be load balanced at the application level to ensure maximum stability and availability. Specific scenarios, such as fail-over versus session-managed load balancing need to be addressed in the functional requirements specification.
A tutorial will provide a quick start, a walk-thru of major system features, and further reference source for the complete system features.
Near-line Storage  All User and Application data as well as software installation and configuration files must be fully backed up week-nightly. Further, secure, off-site storage will be performed on a weekly basis with 24-hour retrieval times.
The system will use the standard software resources provided by the ARS OCIO. This includes, but is not limited to, MS ASP/Java Scripts, C++/C# , MS SQL server and IIS, or the use of PHP/Perl, JB scripts, C++/C#, MySQL server, and Apache server.
Implement a database of STEWARDS metadata elements. The database will provide browse and query functionality.
Online Storage - The system needs to be able to store hundreds of megabytes of data on demand. The potential for needing Gigabytes of data storage capacity is also in the realm of possibilities. Further requirements gathering is needed to get real-world estimates of such data storage needs.
Establish a database in support of CEAP that will house the collective data assembled or generated during research activities. The database will support a variety of data types and formats, including but not limited to: spatial data - vector, raster, imagery, and tabular; tabular data  static and time-series; spreadsheets; documents; reports; photographs; and URL links.
The use of agricultural models (SWAT, AnnAGNPS) is a core element of the CEAP effort. Several modeling-related database topics will need to be addressed: 1. Maintenance and reporting of uncertainty or error in measured data, in spatial components of GIS data, and in modeling output. Reporting of uncertainty may take place on an individual sample basis, on a method or procedural basis, or on an entire database. 2. Models will require specific input data and will generate output data during the calibration and validation phases, sensitivity analyses, and exploratory scenarios. The current scope of the STEWARDS system is to provide measured data for input to the model and for comparison to output.
View entire universe of watersheds from top-level screen for selection and Design tools to navigate the individual watershed sites and their data.
View watershed descriptive data and Summary descriptions of research watersheds, stations, and instruments that are useful in describing the research activities should be accessible. This information would not be considered formal metadata.
Provide access to the data via browsing of sites, stations, and instruments; allow for simple queries to individual datasets; provide a metadata search tool to query dataset parameters; and allow for downloading of datasets (full or partial).
Users may wish to examine time-series data, e.g. stream discharge data, over a user-specified time frame in order to select only those data desired for download. Charting tools in association with the query engine are desirable.
Provide access to CEAP-related reports, tables, and project documents.
Agricultural research data are inherently spatial in nature. STEWARDS will provide web-based geographic information tools to allow site-specific data to be viewed within their spatial context. These tools will provide browse and query functionality and support links to download spatial data and their associated tabular data.
Develop and maintain a metadata database that provides browse and query access to formal descriptions of the database elements. Provide tools for database contributors to create and upload metadata compatible with the STEWARDS metadata database.
Develop search tools that query watershed, station, and instrument metadata across the STEWARDS database. Metadata query tools will support query by location, theme, and keyword.
The System shall operate with the following Web browsers: Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5.0 and 6.0, Netscape Communicator version 4.7, Netscape versions 6 and 7, and FireFox.
The System shall operate on Certified and Accredited servers running the current corporate approved versions of operating systems as appropriate.
The Data Management portion of the system shall permit user access from the corporate Intranet and, if a user is authorized for outside access through the corporate firewall, from an Internet connection at the users home.
Much of the initial effort in CEAP will focus on the use of agricultural models (e.g. SWAT, AnnAGNPS) in the CEAP watersheds. Users will be able to examine the data used in the modeling effort, visualize the results in their spatial context, and download the model input data and results.
The application codes generated during prototyping may not run properly when re-hosting the data system to a non-Windows OS or transferring the data system to another location.
Implement a web-based browse-and-query tool for searching STEWARDS metadata. Queries by location, theme, and keyword will be supported. A likely scenario involves a web-based wizard which allows users to specify particular querying parameters and then save them for reference later such that time-based comparisons are facilitated with minimal user training.
Implement a metadata input tool that supports creating and editing of metadata in the chosen format. The metadata tool will allow for local and web-based input and editing. A likely scenario involves a web-based wizard which allows users to specify particulars of a data set, and then save those answers and relate them to a particular project, so that these selections can be re-used in future uploading operations.
The Data Research and Reporting portion of the system shall provide public access to reviewed and approved data sets.
Adopt a metadata standard that is compliant with Federal regulations. The current Federal standards for spatial data are the Content Standard for Digital Geospatial Metadata (version 2.0), (http://www.fgdc.gov/metadata/contstan.html), FGDC-STD-001-1998. There are some indications that the Federal government may implement the ISO 19115 geographic information/metadata standard in the future. If this occurs, the CEAP database team will evaluate conversion of metadata.
The fourth consideration for security requirements is availability. The system must be available to the intended audience 24 hours per day, 7 days a week with, 99% availability and a tolerance of -5% (not less than 50% of working hours in any week). For this system, availability will be concerned with the reliability of the software and network components. Intentional denial of service attacks is not foreseen as a significant concern.
Confidentiality security requirements describe the need to protect the data appropriately. STEWARDS will use the user classes described in section 2.3 above to define boundaries of information sharing to ensure confidentiality as appropriate. Any data that should be viewed by a restricted audience must be protected with appropriate security features.
The integrity of STEWARDS data will be critical to its success as a product. Scientific research and publications will be based on the data obtained through the system. Therefore, extensive data validation and review will be performed both before data are uploaded to the system and as part of the upload process. The system will need policy and procedures protecting the data from intentional or unintentional modifications, and to ensure accurate data are made available.
STEWARDS will have reasonable controls consistent with ARS OCIO practices, in compliance with agency, Dept and Govt regulations. STEWARDS security requirements will have four primary components. They are authentication, confidentiality, integrity, and availability.
Data on the server should be protected from power loss but data in transit from server to requester could be lost. Given that these data will also remain on the watershed site system, rather than expend resources to prevent this loss, such failures will be monitored and the uploading process will be repeated.
Loading speed: The data system shall load as quickly as comparable productivity tools on whatever environment it is running in.
Response time: The data system shall show no visible deterioration in response time as the number of persons increases. Response times seen by end users for querying metadata should be on the order of a few seconds or less. Response times seen by end users for retrieving the actual images may take much longer, anywhere from a few minutes to several hours. If the user requests a large image with a short response time, it is acceptable for the ARS data system to advise the user that the target response time cannot be met. In that case, the person would be referred to an alternate method of getting the data.
This database will be built for a particular system and may not be portable but results to queries will be portable between many environments.
STEWARDS will follow industry best practices for authentication, using single-sign-on systems like Microsoft Active Directory to perform authentication. Authentication addresses security requirements to ensure those using system are who they say they are. This is of greatest concern when data are being changed or updated. This is primarily done through userids and passwords.
The system shall provide RAID V Disk Stripping on all database storage disks.
The system shall provide for replication of databases to off-site storage locations.
The system shall provide storage of all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover.
The user interface for the software shall be compatible to any browser such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla or Netscape Navigator by which user can access to the system.
The source code developed for this system shall be maintained in configuration management tool.
The e-store system shall use the HTTP protocol for communication over the internet and for the intranet communication will be through TCP/IP protocol suite.
The system shall be verisign like software which shall allow the users to complete secured transaction. This usually shall be the third party software system which is widely used for internet transaction.
The e-store system shall communicate with export regulation system to validate export regulations.
The e-store system shall communicate with external Tax system to calculate tax.
The e-store system shall communicate with shipping system for tracking orders and updating of shipping methods.
The e-store system shall communicate with Sales system for order management.
The e-store system shall communicate with CRM system to provide support.
The e-store system shall communicate to credit management system for handling financing options.
The e-store system shall communicate with billPay system to identify available payment methods , validate the payments and process payment.
The e-store shall communicate with the content manager to get the product specifications, offerings and promotions.
The e-store system shall communicate with the Configurator to identify all the available components to configure the product.
Since the application must run over the internet, all the hardware shall require to connect internet will be hardware interface for the system. As for e.g. Modem, WAN  LAN, Ethernet Cross-Cable.
The user interface shall be implemented using any tool or software package like Java Applet, MS Front Page, EJB etc.
There shall be logical address of the system in IPv4 format.
The Port number used will be 80.
The protocol used shall be HTTP.
There are many types of interfaces as such supported by the E-Store software system namely; User Interface, Software Interface and Hardware Interface.
To implement online user help, link and search fields shall be provided.
It shall provide specific guidelines to a user for using the E-Store system and within the system.
As the product is E-store, On-line help system becomes a critical component of the system which shall provide 
A general knowledge of basic computer skills is required to use the product
Response time for loading the product should take no longer than five minutes.
The computers must be equipped with web browsers such as Internet explorer.
The system shall be built using a standard web page development tool that conforms to either IBMs CUA standards or Microsofts GUI standards.
E-store should display the disclaimers, copyright, word mark, trademark and product warranties of the Marvel electronics and home entertainment.
The product must be stored in such a way that allows the client easy access to it.
The system shall provide online help, FAQs customer support, and sitemap options for customer support.
The system shall display all the matching products based on the search
The system shall allow user to confirm the completion of current configuration
The system shall allow user to update the configuration to resolve conflict in the current configuration.
The system shall display all the available components of the product to configure
The system shall display the reviews and ratings of each product, when it is selected.
The system shall allow user to change shipping, payment method.
The system shall allow user to cancel the order
If supervised by an RBC it shall be possible to command an emergency stop to all trains in a particular area or to a specific train
Operation of the train trip shall be indicated on the DMI.
It shall be possible to command an immediate train stop.
It shall be possible to command a conditional emergency stop. If the train has already passed the location for the emergency stop the command shall be ignored
When a train has received an emergency stop ETCS shall command the emergency brake.
The emergency stop shall be indicated to the driver on the DMI.
Route unsuitability shall be indicated on the DMI.
The driver shall be able to override the function when the train is stationary.
After overriding this function the movement authority shall be re-established.
When a traction unit passes a stop-signal the emergency brake shall be triggered.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall transmit its own train identification to the RBC.
When the traction unit is stationary the driver shall be required to acknowledge the train trip condition. This acknowledgement will release the emergency brake.
After the acknowledgement the driver shall be able to continue the movement
After the acknowledgement the train shall be able to be driven backwards for a certain distance defined by national value
The train running number shall consist of a maximum of 8 numeric digits.
Geographical position of the train n demand, the position of the front end of the train at the time of the demand shall be indicated on the DMI. This shall be possible while the train is moving or stationary.
The ETCS on-board shall be capable of receiving information about pantograph and power supply from the trackside.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall indicate on the DMI the information regarding pantograph and power supply.
The information regarding lowering and raising of the pantograph and opening/closing of the circuit breaker shall be provided separately and in combinations.
The ETCS on-board shall be capable of receiving information regarding air tightness from the trackside.
The emergency brake shall be applied until the traction unit is stationary.
The train shall be capable of receiving any track-to-train information intended and relevant for this train including movement authority.
Information received shall not influence the traction unit(s) with in-operative cabs.
A special indication shall be shown on the DMI.
It shall be possible to send plain text messages from track to train.
The roll away/reverse movement intervention shall be indicated on the DMI.
When the traction unit has come to a standstill, the driver shall be able to release the emergency brake.
After releasing the emergency brake ETCS will provide the supervision appertaining when roll away protection was initiated
When using more than one traction unit this function shall be disabled in all but the leading traction unit.
All data entered, received or indicated to the driver shall be recorded onboard. All data shall be related to UTC (Universal Time Corrected) and a reference point.
Information shall be recorded to an accuracy which enables a clear view of the functioning of ETCS and way the traction unit has been driven.
Standardised output interfaces shall enable transmission of information recorded to other media for investigation
The retention period for the recorded data will be different and two levels are foreseen: Data to enable investigation of accidents need only be stored for at least 24 hours, and shall be very detailed, Operational data to enable assessment of driver performance shall be stored for at least one week.
The following information shall be recorded: any transition of Level and of operational status, The drivers confirmation of transition to shunting shall be recorded, train supervision data and information received from national train control systems, actual speed, full service brake intervention, emergency brake intervention, applying the train trip function, selection of the override control, override of the route suitability function, isolation of on board ETCS equipment, Data entered, recieved or indicated to the driver
It shall be possible to use multiple traction units without isolating the ETCS trainborne equipment on traction unit(s) with an in-operative cab.
The train trip function (4.6.12.) shall be suppressed in traction unit(s) with in-operative cabs.
It shall be possible to use tandem traction units without isolating the ETCS trainborne equipment on the tandem traction unit.
The train trip function (4.6.12.) shall be suppressed on the tandem traction unit.
The driver shall enter the driver ID
It shall be possible to drive the train backwards in a supervised way (speed and distance) according to information received from trackside
The train speed shall be at or below a speed specified by a national value.
The driver shall select an override control according to the permission received.
The override control shall be protected against inadvertent operation.
When the train passes the stop signal, the train trip function shall be suppressed.
Actual speed shall still be shown on the DMI.
The supervised speed shall not be shown on the DMI.
When the plain text message appears on the DMI, the driver shall be alerted.
The following definitions shall apply for the ETCS application levels:Level 0 - ETCS active for limited train control function; trackside not fitted with any train control system or fitted with a train control system for which no STM is available onboard, Level 1 - Basic track to train information via intermittent transmission media, e.g. balises. This information can be supported by infill, transmitted via balise, loop or radio. Level 2 - Basic track to train and train to track information via continuous transmission media, i.e. radio. The train detection is provided by trackside, Level 3: Same as level 2 except that train integrity is provided by onboard and therefore trackside. train detection is optional, Level STM (Specific Transmission Module): Track to train information provided by national system. Onboard functions provided by national system (STM) in co-operation with onboard ETCS.
The character set used shall support different languages.
It shall be possible to implement one or more of the ETCS application levels on a line.
Trains equipped for ERTMS/ETCS application level 3 shall be able to run on lines equipped with ERTMS/ETCS application level 3, 2, 1 and 0, trains equipped for ERTMS/ETCS application level 2 shall be able to run on lines equipped with ERTMS/ETCS application level 2, 1 and 0 and trains equipped for ERTMS/ETCS application level 1 shall be able to run on lines equipped with ERTMS/ETCS application level 1 and 0.
The current application level shall be indicated on the DMI.
The driver shall acknowledge the level transitions, if requested from trackside. If the driver does not acknowledge after the transition the brake shall be applied. If the driver acknowledges afterwards, the brake can be released.
ETCS shall be compatible with existing national systems listed in the CCS TSI such that it does not interfere with the national systems and is not interfered with by the national systems.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall be capable of supervising the following operational states: Full Supervision operation, Partial Supervision operation, National operation (STM), Tandem operation, Multiple operation, Shunting operation, Stand By operation, Reversing operation.
Any transition which occurs while the train is moving shall in principle occur automatically.
Transitions which occur while the train is stationary, shall be initiated automatically or manually as appropriate.
If, as a result of an automatic transition, except for transitions to and from National Operation (STM), the responsibility for the driver increases, the ETCS shall seek an acknowledgement from the driver, whether the train is stationary or not.
For transitions to and from National Operation (STM) the ETCS shall request, an acknowledgement by the driver.
In case the transition has to be acknowledged and the driver fails to acknowledge as required, the ETCS shall initiate a brake application.
During the transition period between two operational states (including two different national operations) the supervision provided shall at least ensure the same protection provided by the least restrictive state.
If an ETCS equipped train passes a level transition to a line fitted with more than one level, the onboard shall switch to the highest level, according to the priority given by trackside, for which it is equipped.
If an ETCS equipped train passes a level transition to one or more levels for which it is not equipped, ETCS shall initiate a brake application.
The current operational status shall be indicated to the driver on the DMI.
The ETCS on-board shall be capable of receiving National values from the trackside to adapt to National requirements.
National values shall be applicable to a defined area.
Once received onboard the national values shall remain valid even if the onboard equipment is switched off.
If the on-board has no valid national values for the current location, default values shall be used by the onboard equipment.
Default values shall be harmonised values, permanently stored in all ERTMS/ETCS on board equipment.
The trainborne equipment shall apply the emergency brake after a distance, defined by a national value, is travelled by the train.
ETCS is required to be functional to a maximum train speed of 500 km/h.
The onboard equipment shall display plain text messages as received.
If the supervision is performed by a RBC it shall be possible to prevent movements of a traction unit in its area if not authorised by the RBC.
ETCS shall provide the driver with information to allow him to drive the train safely.
It shall be possible to send fixed text messages from track to train
Fixed text messages shall be provided in the language selected by the driver.
It shall be possible to send information regarding the inhibition of the following different types of brake(M): Regenerative brake, Eddy current brake, Magnetic shoe brake.
Information shall be shown on the DMI
The ETCS on-board shall be capable of sending to the trackside train integrity information detected by a system outside ETCS .
The driver shall be able to confirm the train integrity to the RBC manually. The confirmation requires the train to be stationary.
The on board shall be capable of sending train data to the trackside after confirmation by the driver, or when entering the RBC area
The following train data shall be sent from the on board to the trackside: Train running number, STM ready for use, train gauge, Max. axle load, status of air tight system, type of el. power accepted, international train category, max. train speed, train length.
It shall be possible to revoke a Movement Authority that has already been issued to a train in a co-operative way between RBC and train.
The co-operative revocation of the MA shall be possible to a new target location, proposed from RBC.
The new target location shall be checked for acceptance by the on board.
If a train cannot stop at the proposed new target location it shall reject the request and keep the old target location.
The Reversing function shall only be possible in one active cab which is not closed at any time during the procedure.
Reversing shall be possible as defined by a value given with the MA
The driver shall be able to use the Reversing function without needing to re-confirm the train data.
Reversing shall be supervised to a distance and speed set as National Values
The distance supervised can be extended from the trackside.
Once the train starts reversing the MA shall be cancelled.
The train shall be able to automatically pass from one RBC area to another without driver intervention.
If the train is equipped with two operational radios there shall be no performance penalty as a result of a transition from one RBC to another (train spacing and train speed).
If the train is equipped with only one operational radio, passing from one RBC to another shall still be possible but might result in a performance penalty.
ETCS shall be able to supervise train and shunting movements.
To protect a traction unit from roll away and unwanted reverse movements the trainborne equipment shall monitor the direction of movement in relation to the permitted direction.
It shall be possible to prevent a train from entering a route for which it does not meet the required criteria.
The driver shall be able to release an ETCS emergency brake application when stationary.
When the ETCS trainborne equipment is isolated, the system shall not show any ETCS information other than the fact that the system is isolated.
Isolation of the ETCS trainborne equipment shall disconnect the ETCS trainborne equipment from the vehicle braking system.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall be capable of receiving information from the national train control systems by means of the STM.
The DMI shall display or be compatible with information from national train control systems. This may mean displaying the information shown by the national system.
Unfitted operation shall be possible if ordered by trackside
Unfitted operation shall be possible if selected by the driver at start up
The on board shall supervise the train against a ceiling speed
The ceiling speed value for the unfitted operation is determined by the lower value out of Maximum train speed and National value for unfitted operation.
The onboard shall be capable to switch to another ETCS status when transmitted from trackside
The ETCS on-board shall be capable of receiving track description from the trackside.
It shall be possible to send information on adhesion conditions from trackside.
It shall also be possible, to allow the driver to change the adhesion conditions; in this case information from trackside has priority.
The trackside shall be able to send information for the calculation of speed profiles.
If track data at least to the location where the relevant movement authority ends are not available on-board, the movement authority shall be rejected.
Track to train transmission shall provide the capability to send different speed profiles for specific train categories.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall supervise the end of movement authority, if this information is available on-board.
The target distance to be displayed on the DMI shall be based on the most restrictive braking curve.
Together with the movement authority, the on board shall be able to receive one or more time-out(s) for certain sections of the movement authority, and shorten the movement authority accordingly when a time out expires.
Using train data and infrastructure data, braking curves shall be calculated taking into account the target information but not the location of vehicles occupying the track.
The ceiling speed level for the movement authority shall be defined as data National Value.
Before entering an occupied track, a driver acknowledgement shall be requested .
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall be capable of being isolated.
The train shall be supervised according to train speed data available.
The trainborne equipment shall remain in Full Supervision until the trainborne equipment is not active any longer, when Shunting is selected or when Partial Supervision information is received.
It shall be possible for the trackside to ask a driver for confirmation about the occupancy of the track ahead before sending a Full Supervision movement authority.
If decided by a national value, the driver may release the ETCS emergency brake when the actual speed is below the permitted speed.
An ETCS equipped traction unit shall be capable of being moved in Shunting without train data, track data or movement authority.
Transfer to Shunting on drivers selection shall only be possible when stationary.
To prevent unauthorised use of the function permission shall be obtained from the RBC if the train is operating under the control of the RBC.
Permission received shall be indicated to the driver.
It shall be possible to manually select Shunting from Stand By operation, Full Supervision operation or Partial Supervision operation
Automatic transfer to Shunting may be from Full Supervision operation and Partial Supervision operation status at any speed lower than or equal to the supervised shunting speed based on trackside information.
Before authomatic transition to Shunting, ETCS shall request confirmation from the driver.
ETCS shall supervise Shunting operation to a permitted national speed value.
It shall be possible to apply the train trip function, if the shunting movement passes a signal showing "danger for shunting".
Exit from Shunting shall only be possible when the train is stationary.
Exit from Shunting shall take place when the driver selects exit from shunting.
Partial Supervision shall be selected either by the Driver, or by information received from track-to-train transmission.
If acknowledgement is specifiedthe driver shall acknowledge transfer from Full Supervision to Partial Supervision within 5 seconds .
Partial Supervision shall be indicated on the DMI.
In Partial Supervision the train shall be supervised according to train speed and distance data available.
The train shall have the capability of being supervised to a ceiling speed.
This ceiling speed shall not be shown continually on the DMI but may be shown momentarily when selected by the driver.
The train shall leave Partial Supervision when the trainborne equipment is not operative any longer, when Shunting is selected or when Full Supervision is available.
It shall be possible to order a train trip when passing a stop signal.
Transferring to Full Supervision shall occur automatically when a movement authority and all other necessary information is received through track-to-train transmission.
Full Supervision shall provide supervision of speed and distance.
The train shall, as a minimum, be supervised to a ceiling speed; the supervised speed shall not be shown on the DMI unless selected by the driver.
The supervised Shunting speed shall be indicated to the driver on request
On request of the RBC, the driver shall have the possibility to confirm that the track ahead of him until the end of the on sight section is clear
It shall be possible to define certain locations (e.g. tunnels) where speed increase is related to the front of the train.
The braking curves shall ensure that the train complies with its speed requirements.
Where failure to apply the full service brake is detected the emergency brake shall stop the train in rear of the danger point.
The release speed shall be calculated on board, based on either: safety distance and overlap, accuracy of odometry, deceleration performance of the train, etc or given from the trackside.
The release speed given from the trackside shall take priority over the release speed calculated on board
The release speed shall be indicated on the DMI.
If the release speed is calculated on board it shall ensure that the train will stop before reaching the danger point
When the train is stationary or after a certain time (e.g. the time for "route releasing" of the overlap, the release speed calculation shall be based on the distance to the danger point (if calculated on-board). The condition for this change shall be defined for each target as infrastructure data.
Each railway shall have the possibility of allowing a different release speed for every signal.
The ETCS trainborne equipment shall be able to determine the location of the entire train.
On lines fitted with RBC, the ETCS trainborne equipment shall be able to transmit the location of the entire train to the RBC.
The train location calculation shall take into account error of odometry.
Actual speed shall be indicated on the DMI
There shall be no discrepancy between the speed shown to the driver and the speed used for supervision of movement authorities and speed limits, function (4.3.7.).
The indication provided shall enable the driver to drive at the permitted speed without receiving a warning and without intervention of ETCS.
The driver shall know the distance to the next point defining the indicated braking curve and the permitted speed allowed. This shall be shown to the driver in a way that is understandable and logical.
Visual and acoustic warnings to the driver about possible intervention from ETCS shall be given to enable the driver to react and avoid intervention.
A train shall be supervised to its static and dynamic train speed profiles.
Within the braking curve area, a warning shall be given to the driver to enable him to react and avoid intervention from ETCS equipment at least 5 sec. before the intervention.
The target distance shall not be shown on the DMI unless selected by the driver.
If the train or the shunting movement exceeds the permitted ceiling speed by a certain harmonised margin, the trainborne equipment shall execute a brake intervention until the actual speed does not exceed permitted speed; then the driver shall be able to release the brake
When changing to a higher speed level the rear end of the train shall respect the static train speed profile.
When changing to a lower speed level, the front end of the train shall respect the dynamic train speed profile.
The driver shall have the possibility to select the language, this does not concern non pre-defined texts sent from the trackside.
Based on all relevant data, the ETCS shall calculate an emergency braking curve and a service braking curve
This static train speed profile shall also respect maximum line speed and track speed and special speed levels for special classes of trains.
The ETCS trainborne equipment calculates the static train speed profile on the basis of infrastructure data and train data.
It shall be possible to permit/inhibit the service brake intervention by trackside
At Start Up, the on board equipment shall perform an automatic self-test.
The test shall require no action on the part of the driver.
The DMI shall indicate the result of the self-test.
Train data shall be entered before the on-board ETCS equipment allows train movement.
The driver shall be able to select Train Data Entry on the DMI.
ETCS shall calculate the permitted speed for the train for all locations of the authorised movement.
Train data may be entered automatically from a railway management system or from train memory.
Entering or overwriting data manually by the driver shall be possible but only when stationary.
Current train data shall be stored (except at transition to shunting) in the ETCS equipment until the traction unit is not operative.
Stored train data shall be offered to the driver to be confirmed when Data Entry starts.
The system for Train Data Entry shall provide for the input of other data required by STMs connected to ETCS. This may require additional items, not required for ETCS, to be entered.
The entry of driver identification and the selection of the language shall be possible.
ETCS shall collect all relevant information concerning train and line speed.
The change of driver identification during a journey or a Train Running Number shall be possible
Following successful completion of Train Data Entry, the driver shall be able to perform shunting movements or train movements.
The following data may be entered manually by the driver or from train memory (M), or provided by external sources (O): Driver identification, Train identification (train number) STM ready for use, Data required for brake calculation, Maximum train speed, Train length, Status of air tight system, Type of electric power accepted, Data additional required for STM (if any), International train category, Train gauge, Maximum axle load of the train with a resolution of 0,5 t.
If the onboard fails to contact the RBC when awakening the driver shall be asked to enter the RBC contact details.
The driver shall be able to consult train data when the train is stationary or moving.
Communications Interfaces There are no special communication interface requirements
Software Quality Attributes Web design conventions should be consistent with the standards and conventions used on the OUS site.
There is a need to track and evaluate the hits and time spent on the student-focused website over time; and make content, design, and navigation changes as needed based on evaluation of hits.
Software Interfaces There are no special software interface requirements
The Get Real site should be hosted on a server that can provide adequate response time. High school students tend to have short attentions spans, so a slow server would not be satisfactory for this application. The current OUS (www.ous.edu) site is a good example of rapid response time.
User Interfaces The Get Real site should work and be tested against IE, Firefox and Netscape.
Copyright and other security measures for Get Real should be the same as the OUS site.
Hardware Interfaces There are no special hardware interface requirements
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic data in the Synchro traffic analysis tool Synchro interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic data in the Paramics traffic analysis tool Paramics interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic data in the SimTraffic traffic analysis tool SimTraffic interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic management data in TMS/H interface format.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall present data published by Output Services.
The DUAP System shall log Output Services data transactions.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish weather data elements as enumerated in APPENDIX D - Weather Data Elements from Clarus output format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish asset condition data using the asset condition data interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic condition alerts using the traffic condition alert interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish weather condition alerts using the weather condition alert interface format.
The DUAP System shall publish information for the MDOT MI Drive presentation.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish asset condition alerts using the asset condition alert interface format.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish alerts using the threshold exceeded alert interface format when thresholds have been exceeded.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic data in the VISSIM traffic analysis tool VISSIM interface format.
The DUAP System shall publish alerts.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish data to SEMSIM using the SEMSIM interface format.
The DUAP System shall log Computational Services data transactions.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish roadway traffic information in Traffic Management Data Dictionary (TMDD) format
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive pothole severity from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall be able to identify high risk locations.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall include a user interface for browsing traffic information.
The DUAP System shall be able to calculate measures of effectiveness.
The DUAP System shall be able to perform data quality checking.
The DUAP System shall store geo-references for Michigan roadways.
The DUAP System shall store DUAP system configuration data.
The DUAP System shall archive cached data.
The DUAP Persistent Data Services shall be able to archive cached (raw and derived) probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Persistent Data Services shall be able to archive cached (raw and derived) traffic data.
The DUAP Persistent Data Services shall be able to archive cached (raw and derived) roadway weather data.
The DUAP Persistent Data Services shall be able to archive cached (raw and derived) road condition data.
The DUAP System shall log Persistent Data Services data transactions.
The DUAP System shall publish data.
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traveler data in SAE J2354 format as enumerated in Appendix E
The DUAP Output Services shall be able to publish traffic data to TMS using the TMS interface format.
The traffic information browser shall allow a user to query traffic-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP System shall use a Java software foundation.
The information browsers shall provide a means for users to select between Metric and English units of measurement for display.
The weather information browser shall allow a user to view weather-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP System shall require users to log in for system access.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall require users to uniquely identify themselves.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall require users to confirm their identity.
The DUAP System shall log Presentation Services data transactions.
The DUAP system shall use Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) components to interact with databases.
The DUAP System shall be able to use Oracle 10G as the relational database.
The DUAP System shall handle database data requests through standard Structured Query Language (SQL). Commands.
The DUAP System shall use Michigan Geographic Framework geo-references.
The DUAP System shall be capable of adding new data sources.
The DUAP System shall be capable of adding new computational algorithms.
The DUAP System shall be capable of adding new output formats of published data.
The DUAP System shall be capable of adding new presentations of published data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive pothole location from probe vehicle data.
Access to the DUAP system shall be limited to users authorized by MDOT.
The weather information browser shall allow a user to query weather-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The traffic information browser shall allow a user to view traffic-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA-262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall include a user interface for browsing weather information.
The asset condition information browser shall allow a user to query asset condition-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA-262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The information browsers shall provide a map display which uses icons to identify the locations with associated data.
The system map display shall provide a means to select which data layers are displayed.
The system map display shall support each type of traffic item to be displayed in its own layer.
The system map display shall support pan and zoom capabilities to allow a user to select the area to be displayed.
The system map display shall support de-cluttering to reduce the number of icons displayed when large areas are displayed.
The information browsers shall provide tabular information identifying locations with associated data
The tabular information display shall provide a means to select the data to be displayed.
The tabular information display shall provide a means to select the area to be displayed.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall include a user interface for browsing incident information.
The incident information browser shall allow a user to query incident-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The incident information browser shall allow a user to view incident-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall include a user interface for browsing traveler information.
The traveler information browser shall allow a user to query traveler-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The traveler information browser shall allow a user to view traveler-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP Presentation Services shall include a user interface for browsing asset condition information.
The asset condition information browser shall allow a user to view asset condition-related information using a web browser capable of supporting HTML 4.01, JavaScript (ECMA-262 edition 3), and XML 1.0.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive bridge surface conditions from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall conform to IT standards established by the Michigan Department of Information Technology (MDIT).
The DUAP System shall be able to derive roadway surface conditions from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall be able to collect Origin/Destination (O/D) data.
The DUAP System shall collect roadway traffic data.
The DUAP data elements shall include roadway event information data fields corresponding to the SAE J2354 structure as enumerated in APPENDIX F - SAE J2354 EventInformation Elements.
The DUAP Input Services shall include roadway traffic data fields corresponding to the SAE J2354 structure as enumerated in APPENDIX G - SAE J2354 LinkTrafficInformation Elements.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from the MITS Center using the MITS traffic data interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from the Western Michigan Traffic Management System (WMTMS) using the WMTMS interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from the RCOC system using the RCOC system interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from the Road Commission of Macomb County (RCMC) system using the RCMC system interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from NAVTEQ Corporations Traffic.com using the Traffic.com interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect roadway traffic data from the Traffic Monitoring System for Highways (TMS/H) using the TMS/H interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect traffic data from the Ann Arbor Traffic Management Center (TMC) system using the Ann Arbor TMC interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect traffic data from the Detroit TMC system using the Detroit TMC interface
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect traffic data from the Superior and Traverse City North Regions TMC system using the Superior and Traverse City North Regions TMC interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect traffic data from the Statewide TMC system using the Statewide TMC interface.
The DUAP System shall be able to collect traveler information.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to include weather condition fields corresponding to the SAE J2354 WeatherInformation structure as enumerated in APPENDIX E -SAE J2354 Weather Information Elements.
The DUAP System shall be able to collect road condition data.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect Clarus weather data as enumerated in APPENDIX D -Weather Data Elements from Clarus.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect weather data from Michigan Department of Natural Resources (MDNR) weather information systems using the MDNR interface.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive pavement surface conditions from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall collect probe vehicle data.
The DUAP data elements shall include probe vehicle data fields corresponding to the SAE J2735 format as enumerated in APPENDIX C - SAE J2735 Probe Data Elements.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from the VII Proof of Concept (POC) Probe Data Service (PDS) using the X-031 interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from the Chrysler Fast Feedback (telematics demonstration) fleet using the Chrysler telematics interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from Southeast Michigan Snow and Ice Management (SEMSIM) using the SEMSIM interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from Suburban Mobility Authority for Regional Transportation (SMART) Transit using the SMART Transit interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from The Rapid Transit using the The Rapid Transit interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from Ann Arbor Transit using the Ann Arbor Transit interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from the MDOT fleet using the MDOT probe vehicle data interface
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from truck fleets using the truck fleets interfaces.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from the car rental fleets using the car rental fleets interfaces.
The DUAP System shall be able to collect weather data.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect weather data from the Road Commission for Oakland County (RCOC) Road Weather Information Systems (RWIS) using the RCOC RWIS interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect weather data from the MDOT RWIS using the MDOT RWIS interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect weather data from MDOT Aeronautics Automated Weather Observing System (AWOS) using the AWOS interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect road condition data from Traffic Management Systems (TMS) using the TMS interface.
The DUAP Input Services shall be able to collect probe vehicle data from Detroit Department of Transportation (DDOT) Transit using the DDOT interface.
The DUAP System shall log Input Services data transactions.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive speed from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive congestion level based on volume to capacity from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive traffic counts from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive traffic distribution (occupancy) from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive freeway queue length from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive arterial queue length from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive travel time from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to derive turning movements from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall be able to infer incidents from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to infer incident locations from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to infer incident type from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to infer incident severity from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall be able to derive road surface weather observations from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall be able to collect work zone (lane closure) data.
The DUAP System shall be able to derive travel demand from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall derive traffic data from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall log Dynamic Data Services data transactions.
The DUAP Computational Services shall be able to infer incident occurrences from probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall cache data for 1 week.
The DUAP System shall allow data to be accessed as soon as it is cached.
The DUAP System shall be able to organize the sequence of execution of computational modules.
The DUAP System shall allow the system administrator to add, modify, and delete Computational Services.
The DUAP System shall allow the system administrator to add, modify, and delete Output Services.
The DUAP System shall allow the system administrator to add, modify, and delete Input Services.
The DUAP System shall restrict access to authorized users.
The DUAP System shall keep records of user access.
The DUAP System shall allow a system administrator to add, modify and delete user access rights.
The DUAP System shall allow the system administrator to add, modify, and delete Presentation Services.
The DUAP System shall log Administrative Services data transactions.
The DUAP System shall cache (both raw and derived) probe vehicle data.
The DUAP System shall cache (both raw and derived) traffic data.
The DUAP System shall cache (both raw and derived) road weather data.
The DUAP System shall cache (both raw and derived) road condition data.
The DUAP System shall be able to log system operations.
The DUAP System shall cache data only if the data record associates the data with its source, a georeferenced location, and a timestamp.
The System shall provide the capability for operators to update a summary log for the purposes of tracking the occurrence of significant events or activities.
The System shall be capable of storing product quality information in the metadata of products created.
The System shall be capable of retaining Data Products for a configurable period of time not to exceed 96 hours.
The System shall be capable of accepting technology updates without System downtime.
The System shall be capable of adding additional capacity without redesign of it s infrastructure.
The System shall be constructed using COTS and Open Source software where it is possible, practical, and approved by the Government.
The System shall be constructed using existing software where it is possible, practical, and approved by the Government. Inventory will be provided to the Contractor by OSDPD IT Lead.
The NDE System shall be designed so that Scientific Algorithms are invoked as objects.
The System shall provide the capability for operators to log and track events (i.e., MMC Service Requests, MMC Service Request Responses).
The System shall be constructed using existing hardware where it is possible, practical, and approved by the Government. Inventory will be provided to the Contractor by OSDPD IT Lead.
The System shall be capable of reporting on all ingested, generated, and distributed data according to the (Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) Content Standard for Digital Geospatial Metadata (CSDGM), Vers. 2 (FGDC-STD-001-1998 ) and the CSDGM Remote Sensing Extensions (FGDC-STD-012-2002).
The System shall provide an operator console capable of interfacing with the ESPC trouble ticketing system.
The System shall be capable of adjusting the priorities of scheduled and event-driven tasks.
The System shall be capable of executing 99% of its event driven tasks in any consecutive 30 day period.
The System shall be capable of executing 99% of its scheduled tasks in any consecutive 30 day period.
The System shall be capable of executing tasks initiated by events.
The System shall be capable of executing tasks according to a schedule.
The System shall provide an operator console capable of interfacing with the NPOESS trouble ticketing system.
ESPC Operations shall provide an interface between NDE and the NPOESS Mission Management Center (MMC) such that 100% of the NDE inquiries to the MMC and NDE replies to MMC requests are received by the MMC in a time not to exceed that specified in the ICD, and that 100% of the notifications and inquiries from the MMC to NDE are received by NDE in a time not to exceed that specified by the ICD.
The System shall be capable of sending a Data Receipt to CLASS for each Data Product received from CLASS.
The System shall be capable of receiving Data Products delivered from CLASS.
The System shall provide an operator console capable of requesting Data Products from the Comprehensive Large Array-data Stewardship System (CLASS).
The System shall provide the capability for operators to sort and search on summary log events for the purposes of identifying, troubleshooting, and reporting on significant activities.
The System shall be capable of ingesting and processing archived data.
The System shall have the capacity to store 4 Terabytes (TBs) of data for testing purposes.
The System shall be capable of reporting on summary log events.
The System shall deliver A-DCS Data Products from IDPS to the US Global Processing Center within 1 minute of their receipt.
The System shall implement operational quality monitoring procedures that will detect and report to operators and management the acceptability of xDR metadata according to configurable thresholds.
The System shall be capable of receiving Ancillary Data Products from the Environmental Satellite Processing Center (ESPC).
The NDE System can be accessed only with the authorization of the Government.
The System shall be capable of protecting the integrity of NDE data in the event of a natural disaster.
The System shall be capable of protecting the integrity of NDE data in the event of a hardware malfunction such as a disk crash.
The System shall be capable of protecting the integrity of NDE data from software bugs.
The System shall be capable of protecting the integrity of NDE data in the event of computer to computer transmission errors.
The System shall be capable of protecting the integrity of NDE data in the event of human errors.
The System shall be capable of returning to nominal operations following a restoration from system backups.
The System shall be capable of implementing automated backup procedures.
The System shall be capable of generating backups for all NDE data, procedures, and software.
The System shall comply with ESPC (DoC/NOAA/NESDIS) procedures and policies as stated in the NOAA IT Security Manual 212-1300, Version 3.3, dated May 15, 2007.
The System shall deliver A-DCS Telemetry data from IDPS to the US Global Processing Center within 1 minute of their receipt.
The System shall provide the capability for operators to quiesce and restart the System. This capability should be designed to minimize interruptions of service.
The System shall deliver SARSAT Telemetry data from IDPS to US Mission Control Center (USMCC) within 1 minute of their receipt.
The Development and Maintenance Environment shall be available to at least 25 developers 85% of the time during normal business hours over any consecutive twelve month period. Normal business hours are 8am to 4pm Eastern Time, Monday through Friday.
The NDE Operations Monitoring capability shall not be interrupted for more than 2 hours in any consecutive 24 hour period and no more than 4 hours in any consecutive 30 day period.
The NDE Distribution capability shall not be interrupted for more than 2 hours in any consecutive 24 hour period and no more than 4 hours in any consecutive 30 day period.
The NDE Product Generation capability shall not be interrupted for more than 2 hours in any consecutive 24 hour period and no more than 4 hours in any consecutive 30 day period.
The NDE Ingest capability shall not be interrupted for more than 2 hours in any consecutive 24 hour period and no more than 4 hours in any consecutive 30 day period.
The System shall be compliant with the OMB Federal Enterprise Architecture (FEA) according to the documents dated December 2006, and available from http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/egov/a-2- EAModelsNEW2.html .
During the NPOESS-C2 mission, the System shall be capable of supporting product volumes of 8 Terabytes per day of input and 16 Terabytes per day of output.
During the NPOESS-C1 mission, the System shall be capable of supporting product volumes of 8 Terabytes per day of input and 16 Terrabytes per day of output.
During the NPP mission, the System shall be capable of supporting product volumes of 4 Terrabytes per day of input and 8 Terabytes per day of output.
The System shall provide the capability for operators to forward NDE System Elements to CLASS for permanent archive.
The System shall be capable of changing system status to reflect the condition of NPOESS (i.e., Degraded Operations, Restricted Access).
The System shall implement operational quality monitoring procedures that will detect and report to operators and management the acceptability of output product metadata according to configurable thresholds.
The System shall be capable of accessing data delivered by IDPS within no more than ten seconds of notification from IDPS.
The System shall be capable of receiving Data Delivery Reports (DDRs) from the IDPS.
The NDE System Elements shall be designed to be reused in other Satellite Data Processing applications.
The System shall provide an operator console capable of utilizing IDPS client software for submitting subscriptions for Data Products to the IDPS.
The System shall be capable of compressing Data Products with the ZIP algorithm.
The System shall be capable of compressing Data Products with the GZIP algorithm.
The System shall be capable of reformatting Data Products into netCDF.
The System shall be capable of reformatting Data Products into HDF5.
The System shall be capable of reformatting Data Products into GeoTIFF.
The System shall be capable of reformatting Data Products into GRIB2.
The System shall be capable of reformatting Data Products into BUFR.
The System shall be capable of generating NOAA-Unique and Tailored Data Products with Government-specified grid spacing.
The System shall be capable of producing time-averaged Data Products.
The System shall be capable of aggregating Data Products up to and including one orbit.
The System shall be capable of rendering Polar Stereographic projections.
The System shall be capable of rendering Mercator projections.
The System shall be capable of automatically submitting Ad Hoc Requests to the IDPS for retransmission of Data Products.
The System shall provide the capability for an authorized user to adjust Product Generation priorities.
The System shall be capable of generating Data Products.
The System shall provide the capability to control the execution of Scientific Algorithms.
The System shall be capable of maintaining records of at least 30 days (configurable) worth of Ingest history.
The System shall provide the capability to support functional and performance tests of system elements without impacting operational product generation.
The System shall be capable of integrating System Elements including Scientific Algorithms, Product Tailoring Tools, Data Format Translation Tools, and other pre-defined transformation utilities.
The System shall be capable of defining Data Products for Ingest. 3.
The System shall provide the capability to send an electronic notification to authorized users when they receive restricted access data.
The System shall provide the capability to operate in a Restricted Access Mode, within which only users meeting certain criteria will be authorized access to the data. Criteria will be defined in the TBD Data Denial Plan.
The System shall provide the capability to notify customers upon the NPOESS Ground System entering and leaving a Degraded Operations Mode.
The System shall provide the capability to operate in a Degraded System Mode, within which the system generates a subset of products based upon priority and availability of system resources.
The System shall provide the capability to operate in an Open Mode, within which authorized customers shall be allowed read-only access to requested Data Products. This is the nominal system mode.
The System shall be capable of compressing Data Products with the RICE algorithm.
The System shall be capable of compressing images of Data Products with the JPEG algorithm.
The System shall be capable of rendering Platte Carre projections.
The System shall be capable of generating Data Products within a time frame not to exceed the maximum user-specified shelf-life of the Data Product.
The System shall be capable of compressing animated images of Data Products with the MPEG algorithm.
The System shall be capable of receiving A-DCS data and telemetry from the IDPS.
The System shall be capable of receiving SARSAT Telemetry from the IDPS.
The System shall be capable of requesting and accepting all xDRs generated by the IDPS.
The System shall be capable of receiving data and products from IDPS.
The System shall provide the capability to generate custom reports from data collected during data receipt, processing, and distribution.
The System shall have the capability to monitor, record statistics, and deliver reports on its performance.
The System shall be capable of making products available for distribution according to customer specified latencies.
The System shall be capable of executing and recording the results of data input integrity checks, and initiate actions based on those results.
The System shall provide the capability for an authorized user to define data input integrity checks.
The System shall be capable of monitoring the integrity of all data received from external sources.
In the event of a failure of the Operational Environment during the NPOESS missions, the System Test Environment shall be capable of delivering products to the operational community within the same throughput and latency parameters as the operational system.
The System shall be capable of retaining logs of all performance data for no less than 90 consecutive calendar days.
The System shall provide a mechanism for reporting performance related to resource utilization, communications, product latencies, and hardware.
The System shall be capable of making Data Products available to registered users.
The System shall provide an automatic failover capability that will re-create a fully functioning configuration from a failed configuration.
The System shall provide an online capability for registered users to request subscriptions to xDRs, Ancillary, NOAA-Unique, and Tailored Data Products.
The System shall provide an online capability for the Government to approve subscription requests for xDRs, Ancillary, NOAA-Unique, and Tailored Data Products.
The System shall provide a list of files distributed to CLASS.
The System shall provide the capability to receive an electronic delivery acknowledgement message from CLASS.
The System shall be capable of distributing NOAA-Unique Data Products to the CLASS Long-Term Archive (LTA).
The System shall be capable of delivering NDE Data Products to registered user s computer systems.
The System shall be capable of notifying registered users of the status of their orders.
The System shall be capable of notifying registered users of the status of the System.
The System shall ensure that NDE information is accessible only to those authorized to have access.
The System shall be capable of registering Users for the purpose of controlling their access to System Elements and Data Products.
A freely available wiki should provide a simple markup language that actors can use to style their input, as well as link to other pages in the wiki. More importantly, having the wiki inside Moodle reduces confusion and allows for the integration of notifications and logins.
Currently, there is no system that allows actors to receive SMS or email notifications of changes to Moodle pages (such as assignments or announcements).
A freely available blog engine should provide all modern blog functionality, such as tagging, drafting, and comments. These blogs should share authentication and notification with Moodle.
The system must provide a blog engine.
The system must provide both e-mail and SMS notifications for pages.
The system must provide a wiki where actors can collaboratively create networks of documents.
The system should display grade information to the appropriate actor.
The system should maintain a history of grades for a particular assignment if the course administrator changes them. This way, another actor can review the grade information if their score on an assignment has changed and they wish to dispute it. Course administrators can also track how they have changed a score over time using the timestamps associated with each change to the gradebook.
The system should maintain a grade history.
The system should display grade information such as the grade for each assignment, averages, and overall grade to the actor to whom the grades belong. No other actor should be able to view anothers grades except an actor in the role of course administrator for the course to which the grades belong.
Course administrators should be able to post grades for an assignment based on the ratio of points earned to points possible. The course administrator should also be able to attach feedback in the form of text or an attachment (as described above). Time stamps should be attached to the last time the grade was modified so that actors may examine when particular grades were submitted and how an actor in the role of student has improved or lessened his performance in the course.
For this requirement, page refers to any distinct page (e.g., an assignment, a wiki page, a forum post, etc.). When a page is created, the actor in the role of course administrator should be able to toggle whether notifications are turned on. By default, they should be turned on for announcements. If notifications are turned off, actors in the capacity of student should be able to subscribe to notifications.
The social, collaborative components of Moodle are not very robust. There are better, freelyavailable solutions which should be integrated into Moodle to provide the best functionality possible for all actors without having to use 3rd party services.
Students should be able to select in their preferences whether notifications are sent to their mobile telephone (via SMS) or e-mail account. They should also be able to manage their notification subscriptions (for example, remove themselves from notifications).
A system will be considered to meet this requirement if it has a single administrative interface rather than individual links for editing each page. Furthermore, this interface must allow administrators to easily change themes and other setting that affect page layout across the entire courseware system.
Back-up requirements will need to be determined, based on individual components of the system. The system should be backed up with a frequency that ensures system and course data is protected. Since assignments will be submitted via the system, it should be backed up on a nightly basis, with options for weekly, off-site backup when necessary.
The system must have the ability and capacity to restore back-up data within six hours so that the system is never offline for an inordinate period of time.
The system should be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
This statement provides a general sense of system availability. It is not intended to demand the system maintain reliability, or to require the system to be highly available. It should not exclude maintenance windows, or scheduled downtime. It is only intended to convey the expectation that our customers should have access to the system during off-hours as well as business hours. 99% up-time should be considered sufficient to meet this requirement.
Users must have easy access to help while interacting with the system. Adequate user documentation should be provided to minimize the number of calls to the Help Desk about problems with the system. Modifications should be reported via the main page to inform actors of unexpected changes. This electronic documentation should be supplemented with phone and on-site support provided by the Office of Information Services.
System administrators must have access to comprehensive, searchable documentation.
A comprehensive database of maintenance tasks and help files should be compiled to make the courseware system easier to maintain from an IT staff point-of-view. Search results should be displayed based on relevance.
This documentation must cover all procedures necessary for regular maintenance with links to additional information, all common errors, and links or documentation for advanced troubleshooting.
The system must be maintainable without substantial modification.
Due to limited staff in the Office of Information Services, it is important that the system be mostly self-sustaining. This will reduce the number of FTE hours spent maintaining the system and simplify maintenance tasks.
Although any courseware solution may be composed of diverse systems, applications, and processes, the underlying architecture should be transparent to the administrators. The system should be configurable from a single source at a central administrative position, and should provide a central, easy-to-use interface that will allow administrators to configure the user interface and features in a way that reduces page clutter.
The system should support at least 1000 concurrent users.
This statement provides a general sense of reliability when the system is under load. It is important that a substantial number of actors be able to access the system at the same time, since a courseware system is important to the courses that employ it. The times when the system will be under the most stress are likely during midterm and finals weeks. Therefore, it must be able to handle at least 1,000 concurrent users.
The system must be backed up on a configurable schedule.
The system must allow actors in the capacity of course administrator to post grades associated with assignments for a particular actor in the capacity of student. Actors in the role of professor may want to optionally grade assignments online since they are being submitted electronically by actors in the role of student.
A course administrator must be able to grade an assignment.
The system must display a search box on every page after an actor has logged in.
Actors should be able to search from any page. If the actor is hierarchically outside of a particular course, each of his or her courses should be searched and results should be grouped by course. If the actor is hierarchically inside of a course, that course should be searched with an option to search all courses.
One of the fundamental tasks of the system is to allow actors to upload and manage files on certain pages of the system. These might include assignment submission pages, forum pages, wiki pages, and announcement pages. An actor in the role of course administrator should be able to optionally upload multiple files where he or she finds that such as feature would be usefulsuch as on a devoted project page.
For this requirement, page refers to any distinct upload point (e.g., an assignment, a wiki page, a forum post, etc.).
The system must allow for multiple file upload to be configured on a per-page basis.
Actors in the capacity of course administrator or professor should be able to enable multiple file uploads on a page of his or her choosing. For collaborative projects, it becomes important for actors to be able to upload more than one file to a given page, especially in the case of an assignment submission where the assignment might include multiple parts. Such a construct should be offered to the actor during a pages creation and editing stages.
The system must be able to capture and organize voice clips that can be used where appropriate.
One of the shortcomings of the current courseware system is that the foreign language department is unable to capture and track voice clipsrecorded by studentsfor oral homework over the course of a students education.
The system must allow actors to organize their voice clips into a portfolio.
Equal and finite drive space needs to be allotted to each actor in the role of professor or administrator to allow for the storing of voice clips recorded and submitted by all actors in the roles of students. Actors in the role of professor or system administrator should be allowed to partition this space for actors in the roles of students. This can be done one of two ways: 1) the actor can be allowed to preview the voice clip before it is archived and determine whether or not he or she would like that clip to be archived, or 2) a newly created voice clip can be automatically archived. The first option would allow the actor to throw out an audio clip that is deemed to be unsuitable or inappropriate for an assignment without having to take it out of an archive of voice clips. The actor should have the option to have the voice clip be archived after a preview has taken place. The second option would automatically archive a voice clip once submitted but would require that the actor interact with the archived file. Thus, if the actor chooses to delete the file, it would need to be deleted from the archive of voice clips.
Maintaining an archive of voice clips makes it possible for comparisons to be made between clips to determine whether an actor is improving his or her language skills over multiple courses. The actor should be able to optionally attach one of his or her archived items to any page where uploads are permitted.
The term archive used above may also be referred to as a portfolio.
The system must allow actors to download their voice clips in a flexible format.
Voice clips should be optionally downloadable in a format such as MPEG Audio (mp3) format, since it is widely supported across different web browsers and operating systems. Voice clips should be downloadable for archival purposes or for the purpose of presenting them to other actors.
The system must store audio clips in a format conducive to speech.
The system must be able to capture and manage files where appropriate.
The system must allow actors to delete recorded clips.
In addition, the search page described above might allow for the possibility of searching the world wide web using a standard search engine such as Google.
Second, a single page should be dedicated specifically to the task of searching the course management system. In addition to the basic search field, this page should allow an actor to filter out certain results (such as forum posts or grades, etc.) and search specific sections (or components) of the course management system. Results should appear in categories (e.g., Assignments, Wiki Pages, Forum Posts, etc.) based on relevance. In this case, relevance is determined by results that having the highest number terms matching the search terms. When the actor clicks a search result link, they should be taken to the page corresponding to the search result.
First, it should be present in the form of a search box and a Search button on the top or bottom of every page. More information on this topic is given in sub-section 3.4.2 below.
Actors should be able to search for pages at the course level, since most actors will be searching for material in a given course. The search feature should be present in two ways.
Voice clips should be stored in a format optimized for speech since this feature is meant to catalog voice recordings. Recordings should only be converted to MPEG Audio (mp3) format when they are being downloaded; a separate viewer should be provided in a cross-platform language for listening to clips in Moodle.
Moodle can be difficult to navigate and requires too many clicks to be efficiently used. Too many steps to complete basic actionssuch as submitting an assignmentlead to frustration on the part of the actor. A search utility enables actors to find what they are looking for quickly in addition to having a hierarchical approach to finding functions of the course management system. For this requirement, page refers to any distinct page, such as an assignment, a wiki page, or a forum post.
An actor must be able to search through pages in a course.
Actors in the course administrator role may not feel the need to provide web feeds for every page in their course. During the creation and editing of a page, that actor should be able to toggle web feed availability.
The system must allow web feeds to be turned on or off on a per-page basis.
If actors are unable to be notified in some way of new content in Moodle, they are unable to efficiently keep track of a courses current affairs. For this requirement, page refers to any distinct block (e.g., assignments, wikis, forum threads, etc.).
The system must be able to display web feeds, such as RSS 2.0 feeds, for all pages of the course management system where elements such as forum posts, assignment postings, announcements, wiki alterations and other blocks of information that an actor may view are added. Actors in the role of course administrators should have the ability to determine which of these components have feeds and to whom these feeds should pertain.
Since voice clips should be stored in a portfolio for each actor during his or her existence in the course management system, he or she should be able to examine his or her portfolio to select and delete clips if he or she chooses to. This allows him or her to manage archived voice clips and to create a cohesive portfolio that actors in the role of professor can use to judge improvement over time.
The system must be able to use search functionality as a way to navigate Moodle pages instead of using hierarchical links.
The external users need to be able to click on an area and obtain data for the surrounding area, such as lapsed quantities, historical use, and adjacent permits. Need to support decision-making on the applicant s part, especially when their request does not meet the MFL requirements.
Make the following property appraiser data available so you can improve the ability to project service area populations in inter-Census years in several ways: Provide a more discreet and up-to-date count of housing units in a utility service area, Help determine when a DRI is completed, Match commercial properties by the connection data provided by utilities, Use lot sizes, where available, to determine its role in household water use compared to other variables in research projects, There may be other data of use as well (wells, pools, etc).
Update interval protocols for updating different data types.
Populate missing data in the database, especially permits and pumpage reports.
A web application is preferred. If ArcMap, has to be able to run in Citrix ArcView.
The tools the system will use to access the data need to be better than what is available now.
The data has to be accurate.
Data to support requirements must exist in the database, and be readily available.
Get compilable versions of code stored in SourceSafe.
Be consistent in naming and terminology conventions.
The results from queries need to be consistent and reliable over time.
Need to establish response rates if it will be on a web page.
Create a consistent grid to analyze data through time, including population, water use, etc).
Provide the ability to obtain data necessary to determine and access the population estimates for an area or on a permit-by-permit basis. Needs to accommodate how it is determined now and how it will be determined under the SWUCA 2 rules. This would include: Seasonal residential report based on AHCA hospital report (determine seasonal populations).
Report compliance on a permit (not wells). Crop reports on permits (not wells) (I think this was a requirement to report this data some how at a well level).
Capture crop report data and link it with the corresponding use quantities, so you can observe changing crop patterns, see where land has shifted out of crops, and track water use per planted acre per crop to see patterns in water use by geography. The accumulation (or depletion) of credits by geographic area could point out potential problems in permitting in specific geographic areas. It may point to soil type or local cultural practice problems. Link to requirement JY4/SR7, the report of water credits used and earned.
Need tool to be able to estimate water use (now being done in SAS). To do this estimate, you need to be able to query the water use data with various variables, such as time period, use types, withdrawal type (groundwater or surfacewater), and geographic areas. Once the initial query is complete, you need to be able to refine the resulting data set. An example is when you select active permits in a time period. If a permit expired inside of the time period, the refine tool would help determine if that permit would or would not be a part of the result set, perhaps by determining at what point in the time line it expired.
Use GIS layers to analyze how salt-water intrusion is affecting water quality, etc. Layer would need to be updated either quarterly or annually.
Ability to provide external customers a means to query and view application information and locations by entering spatial, temporal, or data specific information. Current applications satisfying the criteria would be viewed immediately; future applications would be e-mailed.
Compare the population reported to the Bureau of Economic and Business Research (BEBR) report.
Calculate water quality trends by geographic area.
Link between Water Use Permits (WUP), Environmental Resource Permits (ERP), and Well Construction Permits. One use would be as a means of notifying appropriate District staff when pertinent land use changes. (i.e. want to know if an ERP is issued or applied for a subdivision where permit has been issued for a farm.)
The ability to access crop report information spatially and temporally.
Provide access to population data in system that are aggregated to appropriate geographic areas (services areas, counties, etc.).
Ability to add estimated quantities for unmetered permits, which is found in the Water Estimates Database.
If toolbars are written, must be in .dll format.
Access well construction data for domestic wells using locational data, such as GPS or section, township, and range.
Consider the ease of deployment of application.
Ability to customize queries.
Need technical documentation for maintainability.
Use system to publish a chart or graph that compares the MFL to a running average of AFL s. This should reflect how the AFL s are moving along the MFL line and indicate how different resources impact the MFL. The resources to include are pumpage, new projects, and rainfall. It will probably be run on a monthly basis.
Reasonable refresh rates.
Application must fit into statutory time frames for evaluating permitting applications, so there must be a quick turn-around time.
Has to manage the metadata, and metadata has to be FGDC compliant.
Need training material for in-house training. TW35 Need to be able to save (or download) the results of queries into an outside system.
Need on-line help and training.
System has to have the flexibility to handle different scenarios, or "what-if" questions, or 1-10,2-10, and 5-10 drought events.
Clear hours of availability need to be established.
Have a decision tree for the help desk personnel that will receive questions.
Could have wizards to help users perform tasks.
Clear documentation that lends to the defensibility of system for when permits are denied or modified.
The data has to be available in real time.
Need to receive job-specific training and support.
The same datasets need to be used by all departments or sections of the District.
A process needs to be established so corrections to the source data sets can be initiated, i.e. when errors are discovered when running models.
System has to be user-friendly.
Develop and make readily accessible metadata for the data (i.e. need to know the time frames when the data is considered to be good)
Have consistent way to report on permit status and withdrawal status.
The value you enter should be the actual data value, not any code number associated with it.
Hire a metadata librarian to manage data associated with the Water Use Tracking project.
Support consistency in decision-making among various users.
Replicate the DB2 data daily in Oracle.
Need quick access to currently published information to base decisions on.
Follow District programming standards.
System should be written in map.net  either VB or C#.
Do not join features based on the shape column.
Follow District change management standards.
Can extend the current District architecture, i.e. Oracle Spatial, if needed.
Minimum lake levels - The proposed MFL is achieved when the long-term P50 is at or above the MFL and the long-term P10 is at or above the High Minimum Lake Level for five consecutive years. Once in compliance, MFL is not met when the long-term P50 is below the MFL for two or more consecutive years or the long-term P10 is below the High Minimum Lake Levels for two or more consecutive years.
Need to know what aquifer is being pumped from. There are permitting constraints in ETB MIA that no additional water from the Floridan Aquifer can be pumped, but it is allowed from Intermediate aquifer.
Minimum aquifer level - The saltwater intrusion MFL is met when the moving 10-year AFL is at or above the MFL for five consecutive years. The MFL is not met when the 10-year moving AFL in the reference wells is below the MFL for two consecutive years.
Track ownership of wells or permits over the life of the withdrawal point so the relocated quantities can be traced from owner to owner. Quantities that are relocated will have certain restrictions placed on them, as well as any quantities that remain on the original permit. For permits that have multiple withdrawal points, we need the ability to track ownership of specific withdrawal points over time.
Report the Reservation from use amounts allocated to certain participants.
Be able to determine the availability of alternative use supplies, such as reclaimed water and desalination.
Supply the Regulatory requirements of MFL data: What water levels are in relationship to MFL so you know who has to mitigate or how much excess flow there is, Need the historic and current levels so applicant knows how much to mitigate or what is available.
Report on competing applications (including ones that are in modification or expiring).
Report compliance on a permit (not wells). Crop reports on permits (not wells).
Should allow comparison to adjacent districts GIS layers to permit GIS layer to access adjacent data.
Report on the permit duration (To track expiration dates for those looking for someone to compete with).
Report on how much water was made available through the District s water resource development projects. Elements of the report should be: Source of benefit (aquifer or surface water), The locations of the alternative sources, What permits are using the quantities generated by the projects, and what project they are getting the water from.
For mitigation of MFL impacts, report on the improvement percentage amount, where it was located, the cost, how the decrease was obtained and what impacts it had.
Report on any water use amounts sold or given from one permit to another permit, especially reclaimed water (reclaimed water can be taken away, depending on the contract. It is kind-of-like leasing the water, but can be taken away).
Create layer that includes "cones of depression" for the MFL information, which will indicate the area of influence to an MFL.
Identify when a standby permit is reactivated due to the loss of alternative quantities.
Mark those permits that have a land use change so the quantities can be relocated to the public supply utility.
Report on the permits that have been relocated by a permit holder.
Heat map for water quality. Add the District WUPnet sentinel wells on this map - those are the District wells that have been in existence the longest time and we have the best data with. So if we bring them up in an area we know we have reliable data.
Create heat map indicating who was over-pumping, who was not over-pumping, or who was using their water credits.
View the spatial impact of a person s application with other active applications on-line so the applicant or evaluator has a visual of who else is available to compete for quantities with. Also include application and permit data on-line, either with scanned documents or access to database. The historical data should also be available, but viewing restrictions for certain legal documents has to be followed. Be able to query by geographic area or permit number.
Conservation (defined as a beneficial reduction of water use resulting in: modification of water use practices, reduction of unaccounted-for losses, or installation and maintenance of low volume water use systems, processes, fixtures, or devices.
Track and measure alternative source projects: Surface water or stormwater projects, Reclaimed water (reuse water), Augmented surface water (reservoirs, harvesting of high flows (floodwaters), ASR (Aquifer storage recovery), Desalination.
Track and report on the history of permitted data, such as use type, irrigated acres, and pumpage (one use would be to know whether expired permits have had quantities reallocated).
Report on the history of irrigation water conserving credits, including the balance, how much earned, and how much used, and drought quantities. Know who uses them and who has accumulated them, and be able to report on an individual basis, by a geographic area, or aggregate the data.
Track the movement of lapsed quantities in an area, including: Which permit and well obtained the lapsed quantities, Where the lapsed quantities are located, Why the quantities are lapsed (i.e. expired, cancelled, retired), What MFL zone the lapsed quantities are in.
Track the relocation of active water use within the SWUCA.
Minimum flows on the upper Peace River - The MFL is met when the MFL s are at or above the established MFL for three consecutive years. Once the MFL has been considered met, if it is followed by two years where the MFL is not met within a rolling ten-year period, then the AFL shall be considered below the MFL. A determination of whether AFL s are meeting the established MFL is made at each one of the established minimums (Bartow, Ft. Meade and Zolfo Springs).
Track the impact that water use has to the set MFL levels. In particular, compare the affects of the new or modified use to the actual flow and level of the water body or aquifer to make sure the actual level will not go below the MFL level. Types of things to check are: New applications, renewals, or modifications, Relocated uses, Change of use type, Lapsed quantities, Retired permits (some are lapsed - some are not).
Have a heat map that shows permit information for specific time periods. You should be able to input a geographic area (whether by county, department, or entire District area), select the time period(s) you want, and select one of two views: permits issued or active permits in that time period, and produce the map show the locations. On a high-level view, you need to be able to see the locations with the predominate use type reflected on the map itself, and include a graph or chart showing the total number of permits, predominate use shown by %, and the time period involved. If you click on it, bring up the permit details, such as name, permit number, issue date, expire date, use type, wuca, and average quantities.
Be able to look at permitted quantities, actual quantities (pumpage), and the resources it uses (Water Management DB)
Ability for public utilities and internal staff to find existing permits in or near their service area so they can spatially see what water is available, or may become available, when they plan for their future growth and water resources. They will need to view the use type (interested mainly in agricultural and mining), owned acres, and the current permittee s contact information.
Need a protocol to assess how the actual flow and levels (AFL) compare to the established minimum flows and levels (MFL), including general trending information and whether waterbody-specific criteria are being met. There are 3 major provisions to track:
Obtain report of those out of compliance of permit conditions by over-pumping their allowable quantities. Show how much over pumping is done, and have option to select by time period or by area. Need to break down to a permit-by-permit basis, but also show the whole thing on a map.
Track permittees not submitting conditional/pumpage reports, and generate a map showing their locations.
Track pumpage oddities. Two examples are: A. Permittees that have consistent pumpage readings even when some of the data is missing. Use this information to predict whether they are in compliance in spite of the missing data. B. Permittees that enter zero on their pumpage reports.
Identify what lakes are stressed, when they became stressed, and if/when they came off stressed list.
Create layer that shows the Developments of Regional Impacts (DRI) and their status. This layer will be plugged into the new model for population projections and water supply demand projections.
Track aquifer level changes, lake level changes, rainfall level changes, and stream flow changes by area over time (i.e. monthly).
Support extraction or reporting of data for ad-hoc geographic areas by using spatial queries such as graphics or polygon buffering. The ability to aggregate the data must be there and any type of polygon should be able to be used.
Know how much water has been permitted and how much has been used based on land use over time.
Identify different types of water use, such as groundwater, surface water, and re-use.
Show the intensity of water use in a geographic area on a color-coded map.
Automate some of the requests that Jim Whalen receives. The majority of request are related to permitted and pumpage quantities, both at the permit level and well level. They are usually sorted temporally or geographically.
Generate monthly reports for Board Packet that shows the difference in quantities permitted every month for specified geographic areas (i.e., counties, MIA, etc.).
Select water use based on predominant use, use types, and regions they fall in. The predominant use would be agricultural, industrial, mining & dewatering, public supply, and recreational. Each predominate use is further broken down into more detailed categories, such as melons or citrus for the agricultural predominate use. This needs historical data for trend analysis.
Establish relationships between inputs (i.e. rainfall) and pumpage data. (Note: In response to one of Kurt s comments regarding the amount of pumping in areas in relationship to amount of rainfall and irrigation system efficiency.)
Provide the ability for applicants or District staff to compare the percentage a permit is over-pumping, based on use type, against the regional average for the same use type. The region would be the area that fell within the buffer distance entered, and the time of interest would also be entered.
Analyze permits using a soils type GIS layer. Have a second soils layer based on the soil types indicated on the permittees compliance to conditions.
Identify when the District or another governmental agency purchases land, a link should be available to show if there is a permit on that area so it can be retired.
Select water use data temporally or with geographic overlays, which can be from another layer or graphics on the page. Also be able to place it in an Excel spreadsheet.
Ability to pull a well package that provides a view of water use at a particular time that is then plugged into models used to generate water use amounts. The data would include wells, land elevation, aquifer, and total and cased depths.
The ability to associate permitted quantities, pumpage quantities, and use code data at the well level.
Need to know how water use changes when land use changes.
Need historical data for Water Use Permits including their spatial representations (polygons)
Must be able to track trends in land use and water use changes. These include several means by which a proposed new withdrawal that impacts an MFL waterbody can achieve a "Net Benefit," including the provisions for relocated, lapsed, and water withdrawal credits
Ability to track water use over time and negotiate reasonable new water use based on water use pumpage trends.
Track by withdrawal source  what aquifer or USGS water body are general and Individual permits pumping from.
Have map be able to show quantity of pumpage. Hover over or click a point in the map and see the average rolling 12, peak month, and max month compared to the pumpage of the well. Also get the cumulative quantities for an area you enter manually.
Track changes in land use and how it affects water availability.
Submit a CAISO market schedule for any test energy.
Black Start units may be tested and/or assessed for the ability to Complete such number of successive starts within such period of time as may be specified in the Black Start section of the units RMR or Interim Black Start contract. Its ability to produce the range of reactive power resources required by its voltage support section of the units RMR or Interim Black Start contract.
Black Start units may be tested and/or assessed for the ability to selfprovide start-up power for the period of time it takes to complete the startup process at the generating station and to switch to the applicable transmission path and synchronize to the grid.
The CAISO annually requests Black Start tests from at least one third of all RMR and Interim Black Start units.
The CAISO shall have the sole right to determine when the operation of Black Start Generating Unit is required to respond to conditions on the CAISO Controlled Grid.
The CAISO shall from time to time undertake performance tests, with or without prior notification.
The minimum run time duration (the generation time after being synchronized to the grid) of a Black Start test is 10 minutes.
All Black Start Generating Units must satisfy technical requirements specified by the CAISO.
The Black Start Test should include key operating aids used in Black Starts such as telephone communications and SCADA, if applicable.
The Black Start unit must be capable of starting and energizing the applicable transmission path without assistance from the electrical system.
The following start-up/synchronizing time limits shall apply to the Black Start testing units: Hydroelectric generating units or combustion gas turbines - within 30 minutes of the initiation of the Black Start process, Industrial gas turbines - within 60 minutes of the initiation of the Black Start process, Hot, steam-driven turbines, within 2.5 hours of the initiation of the Black Start process. If the certified Black Start facility is in another reliability coordinator area or is comprised of an unspecified technology then specific start time limits are negotiated. These times include ICU start-up, normal start-up of the unit, plus switching time for the actual synchronizing of the unit.
Adequate transmission capacity shall be available to connect the Black Start facility to the source providing station services to other specified generating stations.
The Black Start unit must be equipped with governors that are capable of operating in an isochronous mode.
The Black Start unit must have the ability to maintain voltage within emergency voltage limits over a range of loading from no external load to full external load in accordance with NERC reliability standards.
Testing records shall include the dates of the tests, the duration of the tests, and an indication of whether the tests met the requirements of this Black Start Testing section.
The owner or operator of any Voluntary Black Start unit that desires a Black Start generating unit status with the CAISO Balancing Authority shall: Demonstrate at least every five years, through simulation or testing, that the unit can perform its intended functions as required by the WECC BCP (if any) and of this testing section. Submit documentation of the test results and analysis to the CAISO, WECC, or NERC upon any request. Submit any past reports for Black Start tests with the CAISO and WECC. o Those Participants who do not currently test their Black Start capability, will be required to test their Black Start capability. Within 24 hours of conducting a Black Start test, all Participants will notify the CAISO RT Dispatcher by phone indicating the success or failure of the test. Within 14 days of performing a Black Start test, all Participants will file a letter with the CAISO regarding the success or failure of the test.
There is procedure to perform short-term negotiation.
Negotiation is established between selected CDN peers.
Malicious requests are identified and acted upon.
Functional policies are identified and deployed.
Effective content delivery is ensured through SLA satisfaction.
This section describes the logical characteristics of each interface between the intended software product and the users. For user interface design, common GUI standards will be followed along with the presence of keyboard shortcuts, error message display standards etc., and standard buttons and functions (i.e. help) will appear on every screen. Details of the user interface design are intended to be documented in a separate user interface specification.
Policies are in place to perform renegotiation for problem resolution.
Administrative policies are deployed for operations in a peering arrangement.
There are existing policies for long-term peering arrangement.
As mentioned earlier, the intended product to exploit existing Web service technologies to leverage existing infrastructures through building an overlay. The communication among software component would be performed through message passing over the IP network. From a technical point of view, TCP/IP will be used as the transport protocol, where each CDN server establishes a TCP connection to the network elements using a well-known port number. Messages can then be sent bi-directionally between the server and network elements. All messages consist of a fixed length-header containing the total data length and a request followed by a reply or an acknowledgement. Interaction among surrogates will be performed using HTTP or FTP.
Policies identifying the consequences of SLA violation are defined.
Primary CDN has already acquired sufficient external resources.
Mediator works in conjunction with the PA to establish negotiation.
Interaction protocols between PAs are identified.
The format for service information description is defined
The interaction protocol between Web Server-SR, SR-mediator is defined.
There is an established norm that any resource failure will be reported
Malicious requests are detected and rejected.
Resource provisioning, delegation and reservation policies are in place.
Both anticipated and unanticipated user requests (traffic) are considered.
The format of the initiation request is defined.
The format of service requirements is defined.
Mediator-SR, mediator-PR, mediator-PA interaction protocols are defined.
Web servers have already replicated necessary content.
Enables the user to select the pertinent class, each class is highlighted for ease of use.
In the event, inflammatory/derogatory content has been identified, the content will be immediately removed and the appropriate authorities with be notified resulting in possible disciplinary action.
News Feature: The administrator has the capability to post current news on this section as needed.
Contact Us Feature: Will enable the user to look up a list of pertinent e-mail addresses/phone numbers within the institution.
Help Feature: Feature is linked with the help desk staff of the particular institution; anyone who has difficulty in logging on can choose this feature to contact the system administrator.
The initial entry (Welcome Screen 1) has three separate quadrants; each quadrant has a specific function.
The user interface of the Virtual-ED system is designed with increased emphasis on the user Human-Machine interface. The interface is compartmentalized by competency to ensure that the user can easily navigate within the portal. Each compartment has a distinctive focus with a minimalist approach. The user has the capability to alter the interface as suited.
Users may not use the system to upload or post data which is discriminatory in regards to race, color, creed, religion, sex, age, handicap, marital status, or national origin. Users may not upload or post data which is inflammatory or derogatory.
User passwords should be between 8 and 12 characters including letters and numbers but excluding spaces.
All users are responsible for securing a backup of any uploaded data/content to the system in the event of an outage.
The systems should adhere to the privacy policy set forth by NJIT and its administration and also state and federal guidelines.
In the event your account has been compromised, notify the NJIT help desk immediately. Refrain from using the infected account to communicate with anyone else.
All archived chats, e-mail, file share, and IM Messages are governed by the NJIT E-mail use policy. The user is encouraged to view the content at the NJIT homepage for detailed use of the policy and restrictions and limitations of the policy.
The information within the system is regarded private, however in the event of an investigation by a legal authority, including by not limited to a subpoena or audit, the information will be released to the proper authorities for the purpose intended.
The user should periodically change the password; currently the user policy requires a mandatory password change every three months.
Enables the user to choose a specific application to be used. To launch an application click on the application icon, the application will open up on a separate screen
The user is responsible for content uploaded. NJIT policy prohibits the use NJIT facilities/assets for personal use.
Web conferencing feature enables the user to interact with multiple users within a given class. Each user can chat with one another while the session is open.
The portal will be periodically unavailable due to necessary maintenance upgrades. In the event of scheduled maintenance, the students/staff will be notified at least 24 hours in-advance.
This screen is an extension of the web conferencing feature; this screen enables the users to view all available chat sessions available at any given time.
The user ID and the password should not be shared with anyone (students/staff/or anyone else).
Appropriate funding must be acquired to make required upgrades to existing systems, buy additional hardware and software, and acquire skilled personnel to develop project.
The system must be completed within the timeframe allotted for development.
The content is the responsibility of the users of the system; NJIT is neither responsible nor liable for the accuracy or the correctness of the content.
The Web-Conferencing features performance depends on the availability of the bandwidth. The minimum of a broadband connection is recommended to fully utilize Web-Conferencing feature.
The system has an estimated 99% up time, though in an event of an outage data loss can occur.
Security: Users must have antivirus software installed so they can scan the incoming files from other users of the system, any commercially available Antivirus is can be used scanning files.
Data Transfer Rates: Recommended 1.5 MBPS Download speed (for any download activities) and upload speed of minimum 128 Kbps.
Communication Standards: SSH client, FTP client, VPN client are used for connection between two computing endpoints.
The users must have pop-up windows enabled on their systems and must enable java scripts on their systems to be able to install Instant-Edu messaging software.
Web Browser: The system requires the use of IE or Fire fox, Safari as the native web browser. It is recommended that current system performs optimally with the suggested browsers.
When using Test administering feature (applicable to Administrators only), XL and PDF must be installed in the native machine to view the downloadable reports. By default the reports will be saved to the C: Program files/Virtual-ED/Bin/My reports folder, (Requires XL-2002 or higher and Adobe Acrobat Reader 8 or higher)
The Virtual-ED software has a seamless integration with the local operating/hardware system. Once the user logs on to the Virtual-ED system (screen.1), the interface will seamlessly manage the local input/output/operating system, devices as needed
Visual Input: The conferencing feature requires a high resolution video input device. The device needs to be configured in accordance to manufacturer recommended settings and should be in operation before enabling the conferencing feature.
Input devices: All hardware interfaces will be provided by the operating system, the system will require a keyboard and a mouse. In addition a properly configured sound card and a voice input device will be needed to utilize the conferencing feature.
Display Monitor: It is recommended that a high resolution LCD or CRT monitor be used for best results.
File transfer feature enables the user to have the ability to manage a private temporary hosting space. Tools such as file uploading, directory creator, move, delete and rename will be accessible
Instant messaging feature will allow users to interact with faculty and follow classmates over a text based one-to-one or one-to-many connection.
The user is responsible for maintaining the user account. Action must be taken by the user to prevent the user account from being compromised.
The students overall login should allow them access to the appropriate folder, and their account should only have Write privileges.
System may require users to download program updates to become compatible and compliant with system.
The students overall login should allow them access to the appropriate folder, and their account should only have Read, Write, and Delete privileges
For the first release, each student needs a quota space of 2GB. Files causing the quota to be exceeded should not be allowed to upload.
FTP management software on the server setup with quota space, user authentication, and appropriate user rights.
Firewall ports may need to be unblocked on both sides to accommodate file transfers.
The professors username should allow them access to the appropriate folder and have Read, Write, and Delete privileges.
Files causing the quota to be exceeded should not be allowed to upload.
For the first release, each class needs a quota space of at least 1GB per student in that class. If the upload will cause the account to go over disk space quota, the file should be still be allowed to upload and an email sent to the administrator and professor.
Users must have web cam and microphone if they want to be able to create an introducing video of themselves on their profile page
Users must be connected on a high speed internet (DSL, Cable)
Users must have antivirus software installed so they can scan the incoming files from other users of the system
Users must enable java scripts on their systems to be able to install Instant-Edu messaging software
Users must have pop-up windows enabled on their systems
Users are limited to Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox and Safari internet browsers
Users are limited to Windows XP, Vista or Mac- OS
User must comply with all local, state, and federal laws when using available resources. Any infringements or violations including but not limited to: unauthorized use, harassment, exploitation of any gaps in the portal, inflammatory/derogatory content, or defacing the system will result in the appropriate authorities being notified.
Users must have their computers equipped with microphone and web camera.
The professors username should allow them access to the class exam folder and have Read, Write, and Delete privileges.
System must be accessible on and off campus via broadband internet connection and using required ID/Password combination.
For the first release, each class needs a private folder with Write permissions only for student logins.
The reporting functionality utilizes the Microsoft Excel (.XLS) and Adobe Portable Document Format (.PDF) for report outputs. The following recommended software must be installed in the local machine to fully utilize the reporting functionality.
The system requires the use of Internet Explorer, Safari, or Firefox as the native web browser. It is recommended the current system performs optimally with the suggested two browsers. The use of other than the recommended browsers may cause performance issues that have not been addressed by the software vendor.
The web conferencing feature of the system requires the workstation utilized have at least the following minimum requirements: A minimum of 500 MHz, 256 MB of available memory, Mac-compatible Webcam and headset (preferred) or separate webcam, microphone, and speakers, Broadband internet access (cable, DSL, etc.)
Users must accept the privacy statement prior to using the application sharing
Users must enable java scripts on their systems to be able to install Whiteboard-Edu software
Users must have Real Player installed on their systems
Students need Excel installed and/or a PDF reader. Professors need Excel and a PDF creator.
Ability for the user to access e-mail with Blackberry services using BlackBerry device.
Ability for the data center admin to block or allow e-mail based on multiple message attributes.
Ability for the data center admin to protect internal e-mail customer identity.
Ability for the user to access e-mail by secure web or client. (Calendar, Address book, Ability to send and receive).
Ability for the data center admin to protect the reputation of outbound mail gateways.
Ability for the user to establish TLS encryption with other businesses or customers.
Ability for the user to encrypt outbound e-mail.
Ability for the data center admin to provide message hygiene (antispam/antivirus) statistical reports.
Ability for the data center admin to integrate message hygiene (antispam/antivirus) with LDAP.
Ability for the data center admin to whitelist/blacklist senders by domain or IP address.
Ability for the data center admin to recover all messages.
Ability for the data center admin to provide pre-emptive e-mail virus protection (scanning prior to delivery at the mail server).
Ability for the data center admin to restore previous backup without service interruption.
Ability for the data center admin to maintain backup and restore event logs.
Ability for the data center admin to recover by time.
Ability for the data center admin to recover by mailbox.
Ability for the data center admin to recover a specific e-mail message.
Ability for the data center admin to recover at the file level.
Ability for the user to access e-mail with non-Blackberry mobile data devices (iPhones, Treos, Pres. Etc.).
Ability for the user to flag individual e-mails to not be archived.
Ability for the data center admin to provide pre-emptive e-mail content filtering.
Ability for the agency admin to support other mobile device protocols (ActiveSync).
Ability for the user to provide fax service integrated into e-mail.
Ability for the user to send/receive e-mails within workflow applications.
Ability for the user to delete, or flag for deletion by system administrators, e-mails that have met their retention, in accordance with s.119.021(2)(c) which requires agencies to systematically dispose of records no longer needed. (Note: Deletion means complete removal/elimination of all copies of an email from all portions of the system)
Ability for the agency admin to provide RSS Feeds.
Ability for the agency admin to integrate directory services with other complimentary external systems for a unified client experience.
Ability for the user to provide List Server option for internal and external publishing of information (report subscriptions).
Ability for the user to integrate telephone messaging (VOIP) into email and vice/versa.
Ability for the user to use wireless service with GIS.
Ability for the user to access e-mail archive.
Ability for the data center admin to add digital signatures to e-mail.
Ability for the data center admin to retrieve quarantined messages.
Ability for the data center admin to fail-over mail system and clients to alternate site.
Ability for the data center admin to do near-time replication to alternate site.
Ability for the data center admin to do real-time replication to alternate site.
Ability for the agency admin to provide a full audit trail of discovery and review.
Ability for the agency admin to demonstrate due diligence and maintain markings for privileged and non-responsive search results.
Ability for the agency admin to catalog responsive e-mail (by case) so that e-mail can be electronically certified as complete to fulfill the production.
Ability for the agency admin to digitally certify search results.
Ability for the agency admin to electronically redact information from archival storage.
Ability for the user to manually archive to server from their client.
Ability for the user to integrate agency applications into the e-mail and mobile messaging environments.
Ability for the user to access an SMTP bridgehead for agency applications.
Ability for the user to provide resource reservations integrated into e-mail.
Ability for the user to access mailbox and components via a web browser over a secure (encrypted) connection.
Ability for the agency admin to archive based on policy (i.e. e-mail address, OU, group, organization, etc.)
Ability for the agency admin to Create, Update and Delete Blackberry accounts.
Ability for the user (Legal, OIG, etc.) to review and mark discovery search results.
Ability for the user to embed links to files and websites in e-mails.
Ability for the user to delegate their permissions to another user.
Ability for the agency admin to accommodate programmer testing of e-mail functionality embedded in software applications.
Ability for the user to create reminders and tasks.
Ability for the user to schedule resources such as conference rooms, teleconference rooms, etc.
Ability for the user to create calendars and customize calendar views.
Ability for the agency admin to create and share distribution lists (including the ability to create query based distribution lists from LDAP-like directory services).
Ability for the user to share contact lists / address book.
Ability for the user to export contact lists.
Ability for the agency admin to provision e-mail accounts for their individual agency or organization (including the ability to integrate e-mail account provisioning with LDAP-like directory services).
Ability for the user to create contact lists, including those imported from other sources.
Ability for the agency admin to migrate existing public folders into the statewide e-mail system.
Ability for the user to organize content into personal folders or similar storage mechanism to aid with e-mail retrieval.
Ability for the user to spell check.
Ability for the user to establish rules (auto reply, out of office reply, temporary transfer to another party, move files to inbox folders).
Ability for the user to customize e-mail messages with word processor like features for formatting of e-mail content.
Ability for the user to print e-mail messages.
Ability for the user to forward e-mail and attachments.
Ability for the user to reply to e-mail and attachments.
Ability for the user to send, receive, and delete e-mail and attachments.
Ability for the agency admin to create and manage public folders or similar storage mechanism to aid with the collection, organization, and sharing of information with other people in their individual agency or organization.
Ability for the user to search for e-mails based on age, size, sender, recipient, subject, key word, attachment content.
Ability for the user to share inbox, calendar, and files with users, given permission.
Ability for the agency admin to auto-enforce standard conventions for creating accounts and distribution lists.
Ability for the agency admin to put discovery search results on legal hold to suspend deletion.
Ability for the agency admin to import data from other sources such as PST, NSF files into archiving solution.
Ability for the agency admin to move older data to tiered storage (lower cost storage) while maintaining accessibility.
Ability for the agency admin to support litigation requests by production of responsive e-mail in to a specified location, for read and redaction purposes.
Ability for the agency admin to perform a "full text" search including the header, body and any attachments to the e-mail.
Ability for the agency admin to search the "body" of the e-mail including the header and all text contained within the e-mail itself.
Ability for the agency admin to search using Boolean fields.
Ability for the agency admin to select the e-mail retention period for a specific e-mail (e.g. 1 year, 3 year, or 5 year).
Ability for the agency admin to capture all sent and received emails into the organization.
Ability for the agency admin to satisfy legal requests for e-mail discovery and provide printed or digital results.
Ability for the agency admin to meet Federal regulations for retention (i.e. Sarbanes Oxley, Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB), HIPAA, etc.)
Ability for the agency admin to search the e-mail "header" including Date: From, Subject, To, and CC.
Ability for the agency admin to provide long term retention separate from active e-mail system.
Ability for the agency admin to filter archive by sender, recipient, date, subject, content, attachments, keyword, etc.
Ability for the agency admin to search archive and forward, print and restore in bulk items from archive.
Ability for the agency admin to archive at various regularly defined intervals.
Ability for the agency admin to provide a server based archiving solution.
Ability for the user to archive at the desktop.
Ability for the user to customize their view in the client application (such as adding fields, arranging fields, and ordering emails by fields).
Ability for the agency admin to create generic email accounts/addresses to be accessed by multiple users.
Ability for the data center admin to control message size limits for e-mail (inbound and outbound).
Ability for the agency admin to provide individual users the ability to search their portion of the archive repository.
Determine the epoch data photometry (with instrumental and reduction errors): G mag (for each CCD and average for the transit), GRP, GBP, GRVS . Gate activation and signal loss due to window cutoff must be taken into account.
Compute the astrometric combined data using all previous transits: Compute parallax and proper motion errors, Determine de covariance matrix, Determine estimated errors for the astrometric parameters at the mean epoch.
GOG must provide a way to be run from a command line or a shell script.
GOG should be able to run in a cluster or grid environtments
GOG must be able to process one complete source processing on 2 CPU seconds.
GOG is designed to run on either in a single thread mode on grid environments.
GOG runs on LINUX , UNIX and MAC computers (minimum).GOG results are platform independent
GOG will have to generate data of a considerable amount of astrosources whose number could be a significant part of the expected final catalogue (20%).
GOG initialisation module will define the output specification output parameters (spectrum RPBP/RVS, astrometry, Vr, physical parameters and flags) epoch and/or combined number of epochs.
GOG is built as a standalone java aplication that could be invoked from a command line and deployed as a jar file.
The GOG catalogue module must include information on the reduction model: Instrument effects substraction node bias substraction noises PPE residuals noise, Scientific content extraction noise substraction of close sources second FoV contamination noise backgound substraction.
Determine for epoch data the astrometric parameter (with instrumental and reduction errors): transit times and field angles in each CCD mean transit time and field angle for the transit.Gate activation and signal loss due to window cutoff must be taken into account.
The GOG catalogue module must include information on the universe model: Galaxy model, SkyBackGroung model, Extinction Law model, DMS model.
GOG initialisation Module should be able to read information of the input sources. Options are to use the Universe Model or a provided user sources.
GOG must give the same result for identical input configuration parameters .
GOG I/O Catalogue format is driven by [AD3] . Main Data base format is defined in [AD1].
Instrumental noises: noises that come from observation process such as:on board detection and tracking or observation dead-time reduction noise: noise added to the data when removing instrumental noise.
GOG must consider noise effects. For noise generation those effects should be userselectable (they can be added or not and the values should be given by users).We classify noises in two groups:
GOG has a source by source processing mechanism
For source generation GOG has 2 main options available: Universe Model from GaiaSimu or a Object Input Catalogue
GOG will be fully integrated in the Gaia Simulator project. That is, it will use as other the other simulators the Gaia Simu library and the Gaia Tools library.
CU2 will be responsible for the design and developing of GOG that will provide Catalogue, Main Database (MDB) and final data.(in the sense of statistically equivalent to the final mission data) data without the use GASS telemetry, GIBIS or the main ESAC database
GOG initialisation module must include information on the instrument model: The selected scanning law, Dead time, Noise models (including detection noise)
The system should allow the Construction Junction Staff to create new reports whenever required to satisfy their changing operational and business needs.
The application is expected to operate via touch screen user interfaces, and take advantage of that technology to be as fast, efficient, intuitive, and flexible as possible while also minimizing the potential for errors and duplications. It should minimize the use of keyboard and mouse when processing acquisitions, and should allow acquisitions to be completed with few clicks and page switches.
Donation/acquisition processing - The system must be available during normal Construction Junction operating hours.
Sales processing - The system must be available during normal Construction Junction operating hours.
Inventory management - The system must be available beyond normal operating hours to accommodate inventory management operations.
The system must be written using industry best practices, and must be built using only Construction Junction approved products and technologies. The system must also be written in such a way that it can be supported by planned Construction Junction staffing levels.
The system should record changes to application entities in the form of created user/time, modified user/time fields. The system should also record information about various sensitive inventory management operations such as deleting items and changing the price of items.
The functionality provided by the Inventory Management System will be critical to the normal operation of the Construction Junction business. As such, the system should perform with consistently and predictably low response times in order not to impact the performance or the timely execution of the various tasks that need to be conducted by the Construction Junction staff.
The system should be able to generate reports based on the following entities, including reports that correlate them: Inventory items, Inventory departments, Inventory categories, Acquisitions Donors.
The following copyright notice must be displayed in all user interfaces:  2009 - Construction Junction
Access to the application by the Construction Junction staff must require user login. Access to application screens and functions is granted or denied based on the profile and role of the currently logged in user, as detailed in the preceding use-case requirements.
The application will provide a reporting mechanism that, at a minimum, allows Construction Junction to review and report by inventory, inventory type, donor contact information, and the ability to link inventory to individual that donated it.
The system must be available beyond normal operating hours to accommodate website use  Inventory listing, wish list management and online purchases.
Pick Up and Decon crews may also initiate the receiving process, entering as much detailed information about the donated items as desired, and generating a donation receipt. They cannot, however, add items to the inventory or complete the acquisition process. A Receiving Associate is required to review all the acquisition information before those actions can take place.
The system should provide a categorized view of the entire inventory to the Construction Junction staff. Starting at the department level, users can navigate into the inventory item categories and subcategories, all the way down to an individual inventory item.
The system should allow inventory administrators to customize the inventory structure by defining the inventory departments (not to be confused actual retail floor departments known later in this document as stocking locations).
The system should allow inventory administrators to customize the inventory structure by defining the inventory departments and categories.
Any item in the inventory may be purchased by a Construction Junction customer. The sale of the item is processed by QuickBooks POS and the inventory must be updated accordingly.
Items are typically added to the inventory as part of the donation processes. This is called adding an item in donation processing. Alternatively, items can be added during routine inventory maintenance. This is called adding an item in inventory management mode.
The system should allow inventory administrators to customize the attributes and details available for each inventory item. Attributes can be defined for each department, and details can be defined for each department and/or category
The system should assist in the task of pricing a new inventory item by making pricing suggestions to the user when adding to or modifying an item in the inventory. The suggested prices should be calculated based on the original and sale prices of similar items that currently exist or existed in the inventory in the past.
Acquisition records for Drop-Off, Pickup and Decon donations are created in the CRM system. Inventory Management users should be able to view all past and current acquisitions. Receiving Associates use this function to locate an expected acquisition when receiving a donation at the loading dock. Pickup and Decon crews may also use this function to initiate the process of receiving items while in the truck, on their way to the receiving dock.
Drop Off acquisitions are not typically pre-scheduled as Pick Up and Decon acquisitions except for those submitted through the organizational website. As such, when a donor arrives with an unexpected drop off donation, a new acquisition needs to be able to be created in the CRM system first, at either the customer service desk or at the dock, before it can be viewed in the acquisitions screen.
A donor in possession of a valid acquisition number can proceed to the receiving dock where the items to be donated will be received and processed, and a donation receipt will be generated. Alternatively, a donor may go directly to the receiving dock, in which case a new acquisition is created by the Receiving Associate before items can be received and processed.
The screens used for the acquisition process should simplify and expedite the data entry process, allowing the Receiving Associate to enter only the information needed to generate the donation receipt. Additional attributes needed to complete the item information and effectively add the item to the inventory can be added at a second step, after the receipt has been printed and the donor has been served. The Receiving Associate can print temporary acquisition labels for items that require further processing.
The system should allow various management actions to be performed on items existing in the inventory. These include modifying, deleting and splitting an item, and viewing the items details and item history. These actions are only available for Unique and Stock items.
The system generates a list of items that have been in-transit for more than X days (X configurable), per branch and per system. The report would merge the transit to and transit from into one report for ease of front-line staff use.
The system provides reports of missing and damaged items per branch.
System provides a utility for transferring batches of items between branches, used for example to move books into a mobile library, an outreach program collection, or a "just-in-time" warehouse. Utility includes ability to query for candidate materials; ability to save queries for repeated use; ability to manually select titles from query results; and ability to change records of all or selected items to move to new location. Mechanisms for moving items include changing location field, generating pull lists, etc. In addition, utility provides means to revert items to original location after a set period of time, and/or based on other criteria.
Ability to control inventory of uncataloged material, such as paperback books and children s board books. Support for quick distribution; minimal branch labor; and ability to identify how the material is being used. Ability to count transactions and include in circulation statistics and reports.
System must be able to support the fine-grained reports requirements as described in Appendix B.
The system provides an interface showing capacity of all branches
Ability to report on the volume of material in a given library at any point in time, based on new acquisitions, items on the shelf, and items out in circulation, with the ability to break down volume in categories (e.g. total items in library, number of holds, number of adult fiction, number of board books, etc).
The system produces useful demographic statistics, including transactions by geographical regions, age ranges, etc. The data used to produce these statistics must be anonymized, i.e. information that could be used to identify a patron is deleted.
The system produces statistics that can be used to understand and predict patron behavior and use of materials. For example, how quickly is a particular book returned, on average? How likely is a particular book to be renewed? What percent of check-outs at a particular branch are renewals?
The system provides a utility and reports for identifying item records to purge, based on customizable criteria such as: an item has been in status "missing" for more than X months; an item has status "discard/weed". The system has a report to assist in the conversion of items from one status to another. The system provides a last copy report that would single out a library system s last copies, to assist catalogers who need to edit WorldCat entries. The system provides a quick effective method of deleting volume entries along with copy entries, as well as records with no items attached.
For each genre and format of material, ability to compare the percentage of total circulations, the percentage of the collection, and the percentage of total shelf space that genre/format comprises. Ability to report per library and per system.
Ability to count and track record deletions (e.g. item records, patron records) per location and per system.
The system counts all types of check-out individually and cumulatively: staff check-out, self check-out, staff renewal, self checkout renewal, online renewal, OPAC renewal.
The system generates a list of patrons with no circulation or electronic activity in the last X days (X configurable). List should be configurable to System, Home Library, County, etc.
Transaction history is maintained for X days (X is configurable); monthly and annual aggregate information is maintained indefinitely.
Transactions can be grouped by hour, terminal, branch, and system. Transactions include check-ins, check-outs, fines collected, patron registrations, etc., and can be queried by all transactions or by type of transaction.
The system counts all types of check-in individually and cumulatively: book-drop, by terminal, by user or self-service.
The system counts all hold requests, including how the hold was placed: at a staff desk, at a public computer inside the library, or remotely.
The system can generate a report of transactions (holds placed, holds filled, and check-outs) per patron, per library, per selected group o libraries, per system, per county. The system displays the number of check-outs and placed holds per patron. Holds are subtotaled by type, e.g. active, frozen, and frozen-until holds.
The system can generate a report of the value of items (based on data in item record) in the entire collection or a portion. Example: staff can obtain value of all items with status of longoverdue, or value of all dvds in children s collection, or value of entire collection.
All reports and data archiving must comply with standard accounting practice and state, county, and municipal auditing requirements.
Fines, charges, waivers, and ecommerce transactions are attached to patron and item records. System tracks fines waived and payments made per library. Financial information can be updated easily. As an example, a staff user can easily query patron accounts with balances greater than X dollars.
The system provides financial reports including: patron account balances by patron, home library, and system; fines and charges accrued per time period (e.g. last twelve months, YTD, last month) and per type of charge (overdue fines, damaged item charges, lost item charges, etc.); fines waived per time period and per branch; payments made per time period and per payment method (e.g. staff desk, self-check station, OPAC).
System must be able to support the reporting definitions as described in Appendix A.
The system maintains a ledger of patron payments, including which charges payments are applied to, to facilitate reconciliation.
Ability to see where your report is in the queue of reports waiting to run.
Queries and reports can be limited or grouped by various patron characteristics, including: age range, zip code, county of residence, home branch, patron type, and preferred language.
Examples of periodic reports: bibliographic records with holds; items that have not been checked out in X days; item-level holds; items with invalid item type; in-transit items with outstanding hold; items that have been in-transit for more than X days; items that are the last copy in the system; items with a long call number; missing items; bibliographic records with no item records; patrons with invalid home library.
Management Processes support the needs of a large, multiple-system library consortium and its individual component systems and branches. Specifically, the system must support a library consortium with 286 locations, 17 million annual circulations, purchasing and processing over 900,000 items per year. It is highly desirable that searches and reports can be processed during open hours without disrupting other system functions.
Management Processes shall operate on a Linux or Solaris server.
Management Processes shall be accessible through a web-browser or a Windows-compatible client.
If web-browser based, Management Processes shall be accessible through Microsoft Internet Explorer (v.6.0 and later) and Mozilla Firefox (v.2.0 and later).
Management Processes shall be accessible with screen-reading software, screen-magnification software, and other software programs designed to increase accessibility.
Management Processes shall use a fully relational database back-end.
Management Processes shall produce standards-compliant HTML.
Management Processes shall provide a development and training environment with the ability to migrate configurations to a production environment.
User rights and privileges will be controlled through security groups and/or roles that allow access control for individuals, workgroups, and arbitrary staff groups.
These requirements shall not constrain functionality or features of the Online Public Access Catalog (OPAC) module.
The software developer shall provide complete data specifications for authority records, bibliographic records, order records, item records, hold/request records, and other records maintained or accessed by Management Processes.
The software developer shall provide a thorough high-level description of major processes, including bibliographic record import and export, validation of bibliographic records against internal and external authority sources, and standard reports.
The system shall provide an online, hierarchical, and cross-linked help system in HTML that describes and illustrates all system functions.
The system shall provide thorough high-level error reporting and feedback and shall allow low-level query-specific feedback for Local and Global System Administrators from the front-end interface.
Management Processes are part of an enterprise-level Library Automation System.
Management Processes are consolidated at a central location, and accept input and provide services to multiple locations.
Management Processes rely on the data structures and functionality of an enterprise-level Library Automation System, including Acquisitions and Cataloging modules.
Management Processes interface with a variety of vendor websites, via published APIs and/or automated transfer of standard-format data files (e.g. USMARC21, EDIFACT).
Management Processes interact with a patron interface, also known as an Online Public Access Catalog (OPAC).
The system supports (but does not require) streamlined staff login methods, for example staff member swipes a card to log into a terminal or the staff member logs into a terminal by using his/her individual login and password.
System administrators can create reliable report templates that are available to staff, and can be run as is or modified to the staff person s particular needs. Changes in the templates could be done without comprising the results. The administrator can limit the filters and display fields that can be altered to certify a dependable output. For example, front-line staff could set the call number range for a weeding report or add or remove designated display fields from a pick list, but couldnt alter the template to display deleted items.
System provides distinct, fine-grained permission levels limiting who can create and clone reports. All permissions should be easy to administer. System administrators can create shared folders to allow or disallow staff to run specific reports, and/or to run ad hoc reports on specific sets of data.
System provides a user-friendly interface for designing queries against all record types. Staff can select fields to query; select values from picklist of possible values; select regular expressions from drop-down menu, and use a full range of Boolean operators. Administrators control staff access to tables and fields.
The system provides pre-defined reports for consumption by library boards or other consumers. There will be reports providing basic statistics like those required by the Georgia Annual Report and Application for State Aid and activity reports that indicate traffic and volume of use that display statistics on check-outs, check-ins, holds placed, and holds filled. It should be possible cross-tabulated per terminal, per branch, per library system, per hour, per patron age range, per patron type, and per patron location.
Transactions are archived in a form that protects patron privacy as defined by State Law, while providing useful demographic statistics.
System provides the query selections along with the results.
This application should function even in cases of wrong data insertion or wrong settings. In case of error it should provide users with appropriate help messages.
Extraction (this feature is described in previous chapters)of the content of encrypted(locked) archives through PeaZip, shouldnt be allowed without inserting the correct password and (if existing) keyfile for authentication. Moreover, recovering the password and the keyfile that one PeaZip user has inserted or set to an archive(this feature is described in previous chapters)by any other user of the computer system or the application, through the application itself or in general the computer system. Finally, no data remains from data that have been selected to be securely deleted should be left in the storing area of the computer system after the end of the procedure of secure deletion (described in previous chapter), in case of selection of this feature.
Operating system on the computer system, for dragging and dropping objects from computer system to the application.
MS Windows (any version) operating system on the computer system for dragging and dropping objects from the application to the computer system. Other operating systems (with which PeaZip is compatible), do not support this function of this feature.
Re-compiling a VCD simple package into a VCD advanced package MUST be possible
Re-compiling a VCD advanced package into a VCD advanced package MUST be possible
A VCD service provider SHOULD be trusted to correctly process unstructured evidences into (structured) context specific data by manual means in order to create context specific data using the semi-automated approach.
There MUST be an access policy that is issued by the economic operator that mandates a contracting authority to request attestation from the national VCD service provider on demand.
A general reference structure and syntax MUST be defined. This may include creating contracting authority specific or VCD specific references in order to identify a mandate that has been given by the economic operator to this contracting authority for retrieving attestation or even updates on it.
National and local political commitments and service-level agreements MUST ensure that consensuses on roles and responsibilities are built with regard to this solution and in particular the National Service Providers who delivers attestations on demand.
There MUST be a service-level agreement between the parties involved (Economic Operators, Contracting authorities, National Service Providers, and Trusted Attestation Service) about the response time of a delivery of attestations and data availability.
There MUST be a service-level agreement between the parties involved (Economic Operators, Contracting authorities, National Service Providers, and Trusted Attestation Service) about conflict resolution that describe what to do when errors occur or when attestation or translations cannot be delivered on demand.
The attestations where an agreement on context specific formats can be reached most easily SHOULD be included first into the network.
WP2 SHOULD provide easy solutions for displaying context specific data and should enable their validation through validation values
Legal systems MUST ensure that context specific data and validation values have an equivalent value to the provision of conventional / traditional attestations. (Scope of mutual recognition).
The National Service Providers SHOULD establish validation points in order to approve an economic operator in accordance with Article 52 (1) of Directive 2004/18/EC.
The national procurement law MUST ensure that National Service Provider can act as national validation points in accordance with Article 52 (1) of Directive 2004/18/EC for economic operators.
National procedures with regard to Article 52 (1) of Directive 2004/18/EC MUST be mutually recognized and trusted in across borders.
The main subject of the VCD is the final submission of evidence to the contracting authority
A list of recognized public authorities that are able to issue certain attestations in a particular Member State MUST be established.
A list of recognized private entities that are able to issue certain attestations in a particular Member State SHOULD be established.
Widely accepted national procedures and infrastructures SHOULD be utilized wherever possible.
A national authority MUST support critical processes in order to increase the trust between the entities involved.
Any national pilot solution that will be developed in the context of PEPPOL WP2 has to follow the preVCD mapping defined in stage 1. Conformance between the processing of different national VCD services has to be ensured, monitored and surveyed by a European VCD service provider that needs to be set up with defined responsibilities and procedures. The European VCD service provider will maintain the common descriptions and monitor the development of the national solutions and assess their conformance to a common European interface (i.e. the pre-VCD mapping tool).
National implementations of VCD systems and their functions are no subject to discussions and agreements between WP partners as long as they follow common interoperability guidelines that will be monitored by the European VCD Service Provider.
A national pilot solution may implement attestation validation feature but proof of conformance and checking is not a mandatory feature that has to be fulfilled by a national service provider.
Any of the proposed stages SHOULD be applicable within a Member State who wishes to apply Article 52 and EFTA EEA Committee decision 68/2006.
A Member State MUST formally define an authority that is able to provide a proof of conformance to certain criteria if the Member State wishes to implement Article 52 or if Article 52 is already implemented.
The contracting authority has to specify a subset of the superset of criteria that is relevant to a specific Call for Tender so that any VCD application can perform the mapping later on
Any VCD system must have an interface to provide tender-specific data and (in particular the relevant criteria subset) in order to perform the mapping.
Liability issues of the National Service Providers MUST be clarified when they act as national validation points in accordance with Article 52 (1) of Directive 2004/18/EC for economic operators.
Merging of VCD simple packages and VCD advanced packages into a VCD advanced package SHOULD be possible
Member State of this work package SHOULD follow a common standard representation of the different types of data
Every pilot partner MUST follow the common standard schema of context specific data by defining a national version of it.
It has MUST be clearly defined which economic operator data are not-sensitive and belong to VCD system.
User rights for the VCD system MUST be defined.
Structural data of evidence MUST be defined.
Semantic interoperability of structural data of evidence SHOULD be ensured through an agreement procedure among the WP partners.
The evidence submitted to the VCD system MUST be eligible for the requirements mentioned by 45 46 of European Directive 2004/18/EC.
Both parties involved, contracting authorities and economic operators, MUST have an electronic address for receiving/sending VCD packages.
The transport of a VCD package MUST be initiated by the economic operator.
The choice of how to submit the VCD package to the contracting authority MUST be the one that is preferred by the economic operator.
Beside the transportation system (WP8) the economic operator SHOULD be able to use other electronic channels for submitting a VCD package to the contracting authority.
It MUST be clarified which possibilities exist to utilize the infrastructure for submitting a VCD package directly to procurement platforms (e.g. via VPN).
The transportation system MUST ensure that the VCD package is being delivered to the contracting authority.
The transport of a VCD package MUST ensure that the package has not been altered or modified during transportation or validation.
Non-repudiation of origin of a VCD package MUST be supported.
A VCD will carry a unique identifier and information about security and quality enhancing policies used by the certified VCD Service Provider when compiling the file.
If there are multiple ways to provide evidence the choice of selecting a specific issuing service is left to the requester.
Member State of this work package SHOULD define a national version of the common standard representation of the different types of data.
Any standard representation of the different types of data MUST be agreed upon the pilot partners.
A method (e.g. reverse engineering) to develop a standard representation of the different types of data SHOULD be defined.
A method for the versioning of the development of this common standard schema SHOULD be found.
Any VCD advanced package MUST follow a common standard schema of context specific data that summarize and structure major information contained within context specific evidences.
Evidences that have a simple structure and limited variety of contents MUST be included into the common standard schema first.
WP2 SHOULD provide easy solutions for transforming the contents of context specific evidence into simple context specific representations (e.g. a Balance sheet can have several values but an easy representation could be the fulfilment of certain ranges for example below 1 Million / from 1 Million to 10 / ).
A semantic definition of each element/class of the common standard schema of context specific data MUST be created and has to ensure a common understanding.
A semantic definition of each element/class of the common standard schema of context specific data MUST ensure that these data is mutually recognized as replacement of the official translation of an evidences included.
A method and agreement procedure to develop a common standard schema of context specific data MUST be defined. This procedure must cover the technical aspects of data analysis (e.g. reverse engineering) as well as the organizational aspects (e.g. which context specific data is required from contracting authorities or under which circumstances would they would replace certified translation of evidence by context specific data).
Any common standard schema of context specific data classes MUST be agreed upon the pilot partners.
Representation of context specific data SHOULD be available in multiple languages
A method for versioning the development of common standard schema of context specific data SHOULD be found.
An economic operator MUST be able to act as an issuing body for candidate statements or other evidence that cannot be directly or electronically retrieved by the VCD system.
The pre-VCD mapping tool (Stage 1) MUST be filled with instances (defined) by every Member State since Stage 1 is a precondition for any other stage.
The VCD solutions MUST be tested in specific cases by re-processing historical tenders. The testing SHOULD be repeated regularly and especially after up-dating of software. A national solution will only be authorized to operate cross-border when all tests are passed; the testing has to be maintained and monitored by the European VCD Service Provider. Stakeholder MUST be found in order to re-process historical tenders.
Relevant regulations of national data protection acts MUST be analysed and considered.
Additional requirements for cross-border data exchange MUST be analysed and considered.
It MUST be clarified which prospects and limitations exists within a Member State to separate a VCD package from the tender itself.
A trust model and trust system MUST be defined from a legal point of view for every process which includes the roles and responsibilities of the entities involved.
Electronic signature, with the same legal meaning of handwritten signature, SHOULD be encouraged in cross-border scenario.
The regulations concerning the use of electronic documents, the exchange or download of electronic documents (e.g. mandatory usage of an e-signature) MUST be considered (especially regulations from national procurement act and directive 2004/18/EC).
A process for document handling compliant with the relevant legal regulations MUST be defined (especially with respect to the data protection acts).
It MUST be clarified how the governance model of WP2 fits into the overall governance model of WP8.
WP2 stakeholders MUST be authenticated to the VCD system and for the PEPPOL infrastructure.
The identity and access management procedures for creating a VCD account SHOULD be harmonized with the registration procedure of the overall infrastructure provided by WP 8.
A single-sign-on SHOULD be implemented in order to allow identity and access management across different systems.
A method MUST be found how to allocate identifiers to the participants that use the infrastructure for transportation of VCDs and related services
Every party participating MUST be uniquely identifiable.
Every party participating SHOULD have a secure and verifiable electronic address.
In stage 4 it MUST be possible to discover the verified electronic address for an identified party.
It MUST be clarified which are the best access points for economic operators to use the infrastructure for transportation of a VCD package.
It MUST be clarified whether the possibility exist to have access to web clients via the infrastructure in order to have access to specific web services which depend upon functionalities provided by the infrastructure.
It MUST be clarified whether tendering platforms enable a separated submission of a VCD and the bid itself.
The PEPPOL infrastructure MUST have the capability to submit a VCD to a contracting authority or tendering platform.
The PEPPOL infrastructure SHOULD have the capability to submit a bid which contains a VCD.
It MUST be possible to guarantee confidentiality for specific documents.
It MUST be possible to apply the validation service provided by WP1 to a VCD in order to enable economic operators to guarantee data integrity and confidentiality of a VCD.
It MUST be clarified whether the VCD can use the validation service of WP1 if the transportation infrastructure is not used by an economic operator
It MUST be assured that business document instances are consistent and correct during transportation, validation or transformation operations.
Authentication of origin for business document instances MUST be supported.
Time stamping SHOULD be applied in some processes to certify relevant date and time.
The compilation suggestion that is given to the economic operator by the VCD system MUST be reliable with regard to fulfilment of tender-specific requirements.
Regulations for handling the non-existence of selected evidence requested in a MS MUST be defined and made operational.
The electronic procurement framework MUST support organizations of any size and industry.
Special legal regulations for evidences MUST be considered (e.g. for extract from the register of conviction).
A suitable way to establish the relevant regulations for the National Service Provider MUST be defined (e.g. special legal regulations concerning VCD service provision).
Evidential documents exchanged between parties MUST be semantically harmonized in order to be processed electronically.
The electronic procurement process MUST have an audit trailing to ensure transparency for both parties.
National criteria for qualitative selection and exclusion MUST correspond to European criteria which are derived from Article 45-50 and which are partially described in the Eligibility of Tenders.
National criteria SHOULD be consistent among themselves and with European criteria.
Any VCD instance MUST be specific with regards to a certain economic operator.
Any VCD instance SHOULD be specific with regards to a certain tender.
When implementing any tool, system or service WP2 MUST focus on mandatory requirements and evidences mentioned in Articles 45 and 46 first since theses Articles are not tender-specific and therewith relevant for nearly all tenders.
The mapping between evidences via requirements MUST have set a primary focus on the mandatory requirements and evidences of a VCD.
Articles 47 to 50 open a wide range of different criteria which are tender- and country-specific thus they MUST be added stepwise to the pre-VCD mapping tool (which may require a higher-level mapping).
Any VCD system SHOULD provide the opportunity to the economic operator to produce a complete VCD even if there are several issuing services that are not under control of a national service provider, do not have specific mapping to other documents defined in the pre-VCD mapping tool and have to be provided by the economic operator manually.
Any VCD system provides the functionality to add additional documents through placeholders.
Interfaces to submit evidence to the VCD system have to be defined along with common semantics in order to allow issuing bodies to further specify evidence with regard to structural data, context specific data and validation values.
Develop a format that allows the presentation and displaying of the contents of a VCD package.
The scope of mutual recognition needs to be further clarified with regard to the provision of official scans.
The scope of mutual recognition needs to be further clarified with regard to the role of candidate statements.
It has to be defined which method and concept should be applied if there are missing attestations.
It has to be guaranteed whether the directive is correctly implemented in national procurement law with regard to VCD relevant articles 45-52.
The legal foundation for exchanging validation values SHOULD be given in the home Member States in order to support mutual recognition across Member States.
The legal status and legitimacy of the European Service Provider MUST be defined.
The responsibility of the European Service Provider MUST be defined (e.g. definitions, rule-set).
The liability of the European Service Provider MUST be defined.
The legal regulation applicable for the European Service Provider MUST be defined.
A suitable way to establish the relevant regulation for the European Service Provider MUST be defined.
The legal status and legitimacy of the National Service Provider MUST be defined.
The responsibility and the related processes of the National Service Provider MUST be defined (e.g. mapping activity, compilation of VCD package).
The liability of the National Service Provider (depending on its legal status) MUST be defined.
The legal regulation applicable for the National Service Provider MUST be defined.
Regulations concerning monetary aspects of the VCD service provision MUST be defined, therefore related legal regulations (e.g. competition protection act) MUST be considered.
Technical access to the relevant attestations issued by (national) issuing SHOULD be supported through national law.
A VCD system MUST provide a user interface to the issuing body to provide context specific data for an evidence in a structured form (e.g. web-interface, XML-file-upload).
The national VCD service provider that hosts the system must have the status of a trusted entity.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add structural data of evidence to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add evidences to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add translations to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality to notify the economic operator when the compilation process is finished.
The VCD system MUST provide interfaces to deliver the VCD to the economic operator.
The VCD transportation system MUST provide a functionality that enables both parties involved, contracting authorities and economic operators, to authenticate to the VCD transportation system before using it.
The authentication to the VCD transportation system SHOULD make use of single-sign-in interface and function in order to submit login data.
The VCD transportation system MUST provide a functionality that enables the economic operator to find an electronic address of a contracting authority for receiving VCD packages.
The VCD transportation system MUST have an interface to connect to it in order to submit the VCD package to a contracting authority.
The VCD transportation system MUST provide a functionality that supports the economic operator in submitting the VCD package to a contracting authority.
The VCD transportation system SHOULD provide a functionality that supports the economic operator in submitting the VCD package to a contracting authorities procurement platform where the tender/bid has to be placed.
The transportation system MUST provide an interface that enables contracting authorities to receive a VCD.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add economic operator data to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD viewing system MUST provide a functionality to authenticate contracting authorities to view the data contained within a VCD package.
The VCD viewing system MUST display structural VCD package data contained in the VCD package
The VCD viewing system MUST display tender-specific data contained in the VCD package
The VCD viewing system MUST display economic operator data contained in the VCD package
The VCD viewing system MUST display structural data of evidence contained in the VCD package
The VCD viewing system MUST display evidences contained in the VCD package
The VCD viewing system MUST display translations of evidences contained in the VCD package
A VCD system MUST provide functionality to collect and process context specific data for evidence that has to be provided manually or semi-automatically by the issuing body, by the economic operator or any trusted third party.
A VCD system MUST provide functionality to collect and process context specific data for evidence that has to be provided automatically by the issuing body.
A VCD system MUST provide IT-interfaces to issuing bodies which provide evidences in machine interpretable format.
A VCD system MUST interact with the issuing bodies which provide evidences in machine interpretable format through IT-interfaces.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality to validate the provided context specific data during the submission process of context specific data to ensure the data is consistent with the VCD advanced package schema.
The authentication to the VCD viewing system SHOULD make use of single-sign-on interface and function in order to submit login data.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add tender-specific data to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD package MUST provide a functionality to add structural VCD package data to the VCD package and VCD system (e.g. log file) during the compilation process.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality to compile various data formats from various sources (issuing bodies) into a single VCD package.
Direct access to attestations issued by (national) issuing bodies MUST be established through organisational agreements (e.g. service level agreements).
Identity and access management MUST provide a functionality to register an economic operator in a formal procedure in order to create a VCD account.
Identity and access management MUST provide an interface to submit sensitive economic operator data (for example by uploading attestations that verify sensitive economic operator data) in order to allow the economic operator to apply for the creation of a VCD account.
Sensitive economic operator data MUST be verified through a formal procedure by an officer.
An officer has to create a VCD account for the economic operator.
Sensitive economic operator data MUST be placed to a VCD account by an officer.
Identity and access management MUST provide a functionality that enables the economic operator to receive his log-in data.
The authentication within identity and access management SHOULD provide a single-sign on functionality that can be used across other systems.
A change procedure MUST be defined in order to modify sensitive economic operator data that is connected to the VCD account.
The economic operator MUST be able to delete his account.
The VCD System SHOULD make use of a single-sign-on interface and function in order to submit login data.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality to check through identity and access management whether an economic operator has sufficient user rights to access his account.
The VCD system MUST provide an interface where the economic operator can provide nonsensitive economic operator data.
The VCD system MUST provide an interface where tender-specific data can be either fetched from or be provided through (e.g. criteria of qualitative selection and exclusion).
The VCD system MUST provide an interface where the economic operator can request the creation of a VCD package.
The VCD system MUST have an interface to receive and process the information (mapping of evidence) provided by the pre-VCD mapping tool.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality that suggests a possible compilation of the VCD to the economic operator according to the tender-specific criteria.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality where the economic operator can decide which particular attestation services should be invoked and collected.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality that displays the attestation services that cannot be invoked automatically and that have to be manually added by the economic operator.
The VCD system must provide a functionality to request attestations that can be collected automatically via an issuing body.
The VCD system MUST have an interface/technical access to retrieve attestations that can be automatically retrieved from issuing bodies.
The VCD system MUST have a functionality to extract structural data of evidence from attestations that can be retrieved automatically.
The VCD system MUST have an interface to submit/upload evidence that have to be provided manually by the economic operator.
The evidence submitted to the VCD system MUST correspond to the mapping information suggested by the VCD system (or the pre-VCD mapping tool).
The VCD system MUST provide an interface where an economic operator can add structural data of evidence that belong to specific evidence.
The VCD system SHOULD provide an interface where a translator/economic operator can submit certified translations to specific evidence.
The VCD system MUST provide and interface where the economic operator can initiate the compilation process.
Interfaces MUST be defined to retrieve context specific data from issuing bodies either automatically or semi-automatically.
Interfaces SHOULD be defined that enable national VCD service providers to approve context specific data if they decide to take the role of a trusted third party.
The rule set allowing for a Stage 3 mapping among concepts expressed by the context specific data MUST be defined.
Subset of evidences: The input for the current function (mapping) comes from specific Calls for Tenders which therewith represent tender-specific requirements.
National requirements for qualitative selection and exclusion MUST correspond to the EC criteria given in Article 45-50.
National criteria for qualitative selection and exclusion SHOULD have the right granularity and should be consistent among themselves.
Input for the current function is taken from the National Public Procurement Acts
A template that ensures comparable and reliable mappings between criteria for qualitative selection and exclusion and national attestations MUST be defined.
The members of this work package MUST perform the mapping between national attestations and European criteria of qualitative selection and exclusion.
The resulting template has to be computable by machines and readable by humans allowing the assembly of VCD packages through manual and/or automated operations.
Legitimacy of standard representation of common criteria of qualitative selection and exclusion MUST be ensured.
Legitimacy of standard mapping template MUST be ensured.
Legitimacy of mapping between national attestations and common criteria for qualitative selection and exclusion MUST be ensured.
Contracting authorities approaching the tool have to assess the compatibility of the mapping template with their inspection procedures and code of practice.
The mapping rules require formal approval and adoption by the National Bodies governing the public procurement activity;
The European Commission as well as the National Bodies have to update the mapping model in case the legal grounds change or the mapping of European Criteria to national Evidences and issuing bodies change.
Hence, adoption and approval procedures have to be defined and enacted in order to install the pre-VCD mapping and pre-VCD mapping tool as an official mapping model.
Precondition: The adoption of the model requires a parallel effort from the legal side to compare whether the provisions of existing NPPAs can get a harmonization through the referencing to the EU directive. This is a major requirement to drive the action of contracting authorities that have strict obligations to follow while performing in a tendering procedure.
Centralized or decentralized infrastructure? Will there be one centralized system on a European level hosting and providing the mapping or a decentralized system consisting of interconnected national systems? In the latter case, one could define that each national system only hosts the national mapping or that each one hosts all the different national mappings which would make a synchronization of the different systems necessary. A decision to deploy either a centralised or a decentralized infrastructure that provides the mapping service MUST be made.
By which technical means will the mapping be provided? The technical means to provide the mapping service has to be defined in dependence on the choice of the pilot solution. The simplest form without any technical support could for example consist in the one-time distribution of mapping tables in paper-based form. Another solution could consist of a web-based access to a system providing the mapping by querying an underlying database which contains the mapping table. A more advanced solution would be an automated processing of the mapping according to the relevant criteria that therefore have to be specified by the contracting authority in a dedicated electronic format. Also the higher maturity levels defined in this vision (stage 2-4) can use the mapping service in order to retrieve the mapping information. It MUST be defined by which technical means the mapping service will be provided.
Which entity will host the mapping facility? In dependence of the choice of infrastructures (centralised  decentralized) and the organisation that governs the infrastructure and mapping facility it has to be defined who will be responsible to host the mapping facility. An entity that hosts the mapping facility MUST be defined in dependence of the type of infrastructure and the dedicated governing model.
Liability: In law a legal liability is a situation in which a person or organisation is financially and legally responsible. The liability of the organisation that governs infrastructure and mapping facility has to be defined in order to ensure trust into the system and particular mapping results?  The Liability of organisation that governs the infrastructure and mapping facility MUST be defined
Sustainability: Sustainability is the capacity to maintain a certain process or state into the future. The governing model must ensure that the state of the mapping system will be kept over time. Therefore the mapping system has to be based on the commonly agreed mapping and no changes are allowed without a common agreement.  The mapping facility MUST ensure sustainability of the system over time based on commonly agreed mapping schemes.
The mapping facility MUST be accessible to all relevant key stakeholders such as economic operators, contracting authorities, certifiers and national service providers.
The interaction between mapping facility and Publication Body / Contracting Authority SHOULD be defined in order to simplify the procedure to retrieve the relevant criteria for a particular Call for Tender.
It MUST be clearly defined which economic operator data are sensitive and belong to identity and access management.
A single-sign on SHOULD be implemented in order to allow identity and access management across different systems.
The identity and access management procedures for creating a VCD account SHOULD be harmonized with the registration procedure of the overall infrastructure provided by WP8.
The rule set derived from legal requirements concerning evidence checking MUST be defined.
The VCD system MUST have the status of a trusted system.
Superset of evidences: The formal representation will become necessary as a reference data set for the mapping operations showing the relationship between all attestations.
The right granularity and consistency of criteria MUST be found through testing and iterative redefinition in order to ensure legitimacy and to retrieve adequate mapping results.
VCD system MUST be operated by at least one national VCD service provider
Transport mechanisms between partys addresses MUST be secure.
A functionality to display context specific data SHOULD/MUST be included within any VCD.
A VCD system MUST provide a user-interface to the economic operator to initiate the creation of a VCD advanced package.
A VCD system MUST provide a user-interface to the economic operator to provide existing VCD packages of other economic operators when specific disclosure options have been activated.
A VCD system MUST provide a functionality to check, whether the structural VCD package data of existing VCD packages of other economic operators are consistent with the VCD advanced package schema of other economic operators, or not
A VCD system MUST provide a functionality to check, whether the tender specific data of existing VCD packages are consistent with the tender specific data of other VCD packages.
A standard representation of common criteria of qualitative selection and exclusion MUST be defined according to Articles 45-50 of Directive 2004/18/EC.
A VCD system MUST provide functionality to compile the data which result from the evidence collection process and the data provided by the economic operator in the VCD advanced package creation. The types of data which have to be compiled into a VCD advanced package are therefore: - Structural VCD package data - Structural data of evidence - Tender specific data - Economic operator data - Context specific data - Evidence - Authorized translation of evidence
VCD system MUST provide a user-interface to the economic operator to initiate the recompilation of an existing VCD package into a VCD advanced package.
A VCD system MUST provide a user-interface to the economic operator for uploading an existing VCD package
A VCD system MUST provide a functionality to decompose an existing VCD package
A VCD system MUST provide a functionality to identify outdated or obsolete evidences
A VCD system must provide a functionality to retrieve actual instances of outdated evidences
The VCD system MUST provide functionality and an interface to the economic operator that enables him to mandate a certain contracting authority to request attestations on demand.
A VCD system MUST provide functionality to merge the following data from several existing VCD packages of other economic operators: - Structural VCD package data - Structural data of evidence - Tender specific data - Economic operator data - Context specific data - Evidence - Authorized translation of evidence
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality that enables National VCD Service Providers to store attestations.
The VCD system MUST detect which attestations can be used by this feature (e.g. they have to be sufficiently described through context specific data and structural data of evidence).
The rule set derived from legal requirements concerning subcontracting and other consortium constellations MUST be defined
A formal procedure to make changes to the system MUST be defined.
The VCD system SHOULD provide a functionality to approve attestations through validation data and to make this approval visible within a VCD networked package when a National VCD Service provider takes the role of a national validation point in accordance with Article 52 (1) of Directive 2004/18/EC and EFTA EEA Committee decision 68/2006.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality that initiates a conflict resolution process between economic operator and contracting authority if errors occur or when certain attestation or a translation cannot be delivered on demand.
The VCD system MUST ensure that the attestation that is requested by the contracting authority is still valid at the time of awarding or when the Call for Tender is closed.
The mapping has to be easily maintainable which could be of interest in the case of changes of the legal basis on national or European level. A formal procedure has to be found how changes are applied to the system. Moreover an organisation or institution that governs the process of change management has to be defined.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionally to check whether a contracting authority has sufficient rights and has been mandated by the economic operator to retrieve attestations.
VCD-specific or contracting authority-specific reference to attestations MUST be stored within the VCD system (processing instructions).
The functionality for referencing to attestations within the VCD MUST be implemented, either VCD-specific or contracting authority-specific, in order to approve whether the contracting authority has sufficient rights for requesting the attestations.
The VCD system MUST ensure that a contracting authority is able to request attestations via the provided reference (including time-restrictions).
A functionality for referencing to attestations MUST be implemented within the VCD system.
The VCD system MUST provide a functionality and an interface that enables contracting authorities to retrieve the attestation from the storage.
Any torrent result with a rating of less than 1 will not be displayed.
Sending the hyperlink to the default browser will take less than 1 second.
Loading the program will take less than 10 seconds.
Any torrent result with 0 seeds will not be displayed.
Sorting results should take less than 0.1 seconds.
A results page will display 100 results.
Any torrent with 0 seeds cannot guarantee to be fully downloaded.
The software will use hyperlinks to allow the user to open websites in their default web browser.
Our development team must thoroughly investigate each website within our database each month, to ensure that no illegal or harmful content is exposed to our users.
While all safety measures resulting from the site may not be fully identified, a recommendation of a full legal review of the software should be undertaken before the site is available to the public. In doing so, the site will be subject to full indemnification of liability.
The system we produce will stay within all the legal requirements on our behalf, as our software is only listing links for video streams and video download, and this is not illegal. Our system will not host any videos.
The user Interface will consist of one main screen, allowing all the functionally to come from this one screen. This allows the user to use the software with ease by not flicking through a number of different screens. In addition to this the user can always see the videos they are looking for. The main screen will be laid out as in Appendix: B Diagram along with the description of the diagram. We decided on this type of interface because we felt that it would be very simple for the user to navigate. From our reports we found that the simpler the interface was, the more people liked it.
With all these features complied into one screen it will give the software more flexibility and allows for easy and simple usage. This will appeal to both nave computer users and experienced computer users with a higher selling market.
Communication standards that will be used through the software will be PHP or other such languages. These will be used to query the different servers that the websites use and will give us back
Any torrent with a rating of less than 1 should not be fully trusted; this was one of the main complaints from users in William Josephys ethnographic study.
Query times will take no longer than 5 seconds to any website.
Results will be arranged in length/date/alphabetical order by clicking on the column headers.
If no results are found on a search it will display a message No results were found for this search.
There will be page button for the user to navigate the results.
Database of torrent sites can be updated via the internet.
There will be a tick box to allow the user to choose to include torrent searching in the search.
Query will retrieve the no. of seed and peers, size of the file, date posted and a link to the webpage itself.
Results will be arranged in size/date/alphabetical order by clicking on the column headers.
Torrent search will share the same search bar with the streaming search.
Streaming search will share the same search bar with the torrent search.
Database of video hosting and video linking sites can be updated via the internet.
There will be a tick box to allow the user to choose to include video host searching in the search.
There will be a tick box to allow the user to choose to include video link searching in the search.
Query to video hosting sites will retrieve full video name, length, date posted and a link to the video itself.
Query to video link sites will retrieve the shows name, episode name and a link to the webpage itself.
The tools shall be able to scale to process large collections using distributed processing and data transport
The tools shall be able to process a set of multiple WARC files at the same time. For this purpose, the tools will allow you to choose/group them by: explicit naming, wildcard name matching, size limitation, number of items
Integrate the full-text search (search-tools project) module with the WARC browser to provide users with WARC indexing/searching capabilities.
Integrate a proxy mode inside the WARC browser
Provide a tool to draw difference graphs between WARC collections
It shall be possible to export summaries in various formats (e.g., XML, CSV)
Provide a diff tool to compare WARC sets based on defined criteria (e.g., timestamp, hostname, etc.)
Enhance the WARC browser to display a manifest of WARC files and their locations
Enhance the WARC browser to display aggregated WARCs summaries in its UI
The tools shall offer best possible performance to correctly process large collections (I/O bound)
Implement WARC browser server side rewriting
The tools shall be able to run on multiple machines but will not provide functionality for dealing with hardware failures (out of scope)
The migration workflow system will be driven by command line tools and scripts
The tools shall be compliant with Java development environments, by using web services, RESTful APIs, etc.
The tools shall provide logging facilities, for example, to follow command progression, i.e. process duration, output levels, etc.
The tools shall provide enhanced usability by providing easy to adapt shell script wrappers for the major commands
It shall be possible to operate the tools in modes that restrict their effects to selected collection subsets. For example, select by name, random sampling, etc
The workflow system shall have a configurable management strategy for migration from ARCs to WARCs.
Migration configurations can be built with a Web User Interface
Active migrations can be monitored, paused, and restarted (a console application) with a Web User Interface
Pre and post conversion actions will be provided for at each level of the migration, e.g. record, WARC, job
IIPC members should provide us with the default METADATA they want to be included for migration.
Deduplication may be run before migration, inside a batch process.
Repackaging filters can be used by the summary module
Implementation of the tools shall avoid unnecessary technology dependencies and shall not include development of partner-specific integration technologies
The migration framework shall provide tools to build reports from WARC files
Provide a way to view crawls deltas for quality assurance
Pre operation can prevent a file or record being processed by returning value
The migration workflow shall provide a clear Application Programming Interface (API) to handle the migration process and default configuration.
The migration API will require inclusion of only one header file.
A configuration must be provided explicitly, errors should be generated in the absence of a configuration.
The user shall be able to provide metadata related to the conversion that will be stored in the converted files (e.g., institution, context, crawler, collection name, ...)
It shall be possible to request that automatically generated migration metadata be stored in the converted files (e.g., OS/Kernel type, original ARC name, ARC size, ARC digests, conversion timestamp, ARC record offset, ...)
The migration workflow shall be able to call external tools and services (e.g., database queries, shell commands, web service).
The migration process shall use persistent, opaque, unique, and global identifiers for records access.
A (default) external tool (e.g., ClamAV) will be used to scan files before conversion (pre-conversion step).
The API should be flexible enough to allow external tools such as JHOVE, DROID to be used for file format identification.
The ARC to WARC migration should be able to run on multiple machines that will be easy to deploy. This may be achieved by using a simple messaging infrastructure.
Logging during the migration may be turned on/off at any time
Software checkpoints (such as start-trans, end-trans) may be added during processing for managing atomic transactions (e.g., operations on a file, these must start and complete to be accepted in the migration), except where operating system limitations would prohibit it.
Each repackaged WARC file shall include a user-defined METADATA record which will describe the extraction context (e.g., filter used, involved WARC files)
Duplicate detection shall find and report WARC records with the same checksums. A centralised database will be used to store previously processed records, against which new ones will be compared.
Repackaging will allow pre and post record, file and job operations
It shall be possible to repackage WARC files by filtering on any field in the WARC specification.
It shall be possible to repackage WARC files by filtering records based on timestamp (e.g., dates interval).
It shall be possible to perform a dry-run migration. That is, a blank conversion to generate useful reports (performance issues, bad ARCs, time estimation ...) without writing real WARC data (i.e. simulating only). Dry run is defined entirely by the configuration.
It shall be possible to repackage WARC files by filtering records based on MIME-Types.
It shall be possible to repackage WARC files by filtering records based on size.
It shall be possible to perform a round trip validation: migrate the newly created WARC file back to ARC and compare both checksums
Validation shall use Heritrixs arcreader to double check that the original ARC record was correctly converted to WARC.
Sampling will be provided where applicable to quickly validate the conversions
Core validation shall use payload checksum comparisons.
To validate that the migration succeeded, arc_warc_verify will use the METADATA included in the newly generated WARC files to match records with their corresponding ARC files
It shall be possible to repackage WARC files by filtering records based on URL (regular expressions)
The system shall provide searching ability to the users to quickly find specific topic material through the online help tool.
The system must exhibit each of the help pages using the same color scheme and background as specified.
The system shall display the [company name] logo in the top, right side of the screen on each of the help pages.
The system must allow users to easily navigate through each of the help topics by selecting a corresponding hypertext link provided in the left frame of the pop-up Help window.
The Development Team shall perform scheduled [SYSTEM NAME] builds using code checked out of source control using the label as defined and specified.
The system shall provide the capability to open a pop-up window displaying information about the specific page along with links to supporting help topics upon selecting each Help link.
The QA/QC Team must perform regression testing against all scheduled builds.
The Technical Lead shall perform code reviews of every system change before those changes may be committed to source control.
The Development Team shall develop and then send out release notes via e-mail to all Project Team after each [SYSTEM NAME] build deployed to the Staging environment.
The system shall provide an index to the users for a more in-depth search of topic contents through the online help tool.
The system shall display [system name] Overview page located under the Getting Started section of Help as default help topic page that will load upon selecting Help hypertext link.
The system shall provide a Glossary for industry-related terms associated with [company name] and the [system name] system to the users through the online help tool.
The Project Team must permit reasonable adjustment to the user interfaces of new functionality by project stakeholders when project schedule permits those adjustments.
The system shall follow HIPAA compliance capabilities in new functionality introduced to the system.
The Development Team shall define coding standards for the application and follow those standards consistently.
The Development Team shall be required to adjust existing source code to follow accepted coding standards only if that source code must be modified.
The Project Team shall schedule updates to the production environment only on Tuesdays between 7pm and 7am.
The Project Team must demonstrate mockups of UI changes to project stakeholders early in the development process.
The Project Team must perform applicable and appropriate testing against new functionality prior to releasing that functionality/build to the production environment.
The project Team must allow a reasonable time to conduct User Acceptance Testing (UAT) against the built functionalities prior to deploying the product to the production environment.
The system shall log errors, warnings, and informational messages to an external log file on the application server.
The Development Team shall be required to adjust existing source code to use the external log file only if that source code must be modified to implement another requirement.
The system shall log an error message to the external data file when the user is directed to the [SYSTEM NAME] error page.
The system shall send a notification email to a Client Services email distribution list if the user is directed to the xxx error page.
The Development Team shall label every scheduled [SYSTEM NAME] build in the source control system.
The system shall retain existing HIPAA compliance capabilities.
The Development Team shall perform weekly integrations of the [SYSTEM NAME] system and deploy these system updates to the Staging environment.
The Development Team shall utilize established open source frameworks instead of proprietary custom components wherever appropriate.
The system shall continue to depend upon and use a single SQL Server 2008 database.
System shall display the hyperlinks and descriptions for the user to perform the desired functions as specified in the related UIS.
The User shall be able to view the hyperlinks and descriptions listed.
The Technical Owner/Lead shall provide signoff before any [SYSTEM NAME] build can be deployed to the production environment.
The system shall display the desired operational page for the user after clicking the hyperlink.
A user with admin privileges shall be able to Add/Create a new user and associate the user with specified role(s) in the system.
The system shall display an error message if the new user is found in the [system name] system.
The system shall display an error message if the new user is not active in the Active Directory.
The system shall display the xxx tab as the default tab.
The user shall be able to create/add a new user manually or from a template.
The user record shall inherit all specified role(s) settings in the template when the user record is created from the user template
The user shall be able to add additional roles manually while creating/adding a new user from a user template.
The system shall save the user info to the database with specified roles associated with divisions for the newly created/added user.
The User shall be able to choose a function by clicking the hyperlink.
The system shall perform a search in the Active Directory to verify the status of the user  Active/Inactive within the companywhen the user attempts to create/add a new user in the [system name] system.
The system shall perform a search on the [system name] user display name and user name columns in the user tables to find the user and verify the users existence.
The system shall generate a standard error/warning message after the user attempts to save data without associating one of each of the following criteriaxxxand/or without filling in the required fields in the User Information section.
The user must fill in the required fieldsUser Name and Display Namein the User Information section at the time of creating/adding a new user.
The user must associate at least one role, division, designator code, and lab location at the time of creating/adding a new user.
The system shall direct the user to the xxx Page if the user chooses to click the close button without entering any data.
The Development Team shall develop functionalities using the xx language and on the supported .NET 3.5 Platform.
The user shall be able to save data after creating/adding a new user or cancel data to abort the process.
All required fields as specified in the UIS must be marked with a red asterisk alerting the user to fill the required fields in.
The user must have the flexibility to click any tab to commence the adding process, although the xxx Tab shall display as the default tab.
The system shall generate a standard confirmation message after saving data and warning/caution messages after the cancel or close button is clicked.
The system shall clear up data if the user chooses to click the Cancel button in the midst of creating/adding a new user.
Generation and transmission under the control of the Master of the vessel before entering into port at the time of inspection at sea at the request of the UK fisheries administrations.
The subject header must consist of a character string containing ERS   prefixed to the contents of the GBRRN attribute of the Electronic Logbook data being transmitted. The GBRRN attribute is defined in the UK XML/XSD. The GBRRN attribute is defined uniquely as the vessels RSS Number appended to the current date (in YYYYMMDD format) and a 6 digit sequence number, e.g. RSSNumber+YYYYMMDD+999999. An example of the contents of an email subject could be ERS  A1234520090623000001.
The xml document file name should be based upon the GBRRN attribute defined in the UK XML/XSD. An example of this format could be A1234520090623000001. The RSS Number will require to be padded with trailing Xs to ensure that it is always 6 characters in length.
Each file should have the suffix of .xml, e.g. A1234520090623000001.xml.
All xml documents attached to emails to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system must be encrypted using PGP.
ELSS must only be supplied for use at sea and loaded onto an onboard system and is not to be provided for onshore use by agents or representatives. . Onshore entry is to be made through the ERS website or by use of the offline submission methods to be promulgated by the UK fisheries administrations, e.g. an emailed spreadsheet CSV formatted file. To this end the UK administrations will provide the Owner with the means for his agent(s) to logon to the ERS website to view the vessel trip record to date and the logbook numbers used, to aid their completion of the reports they wish to submit from their offices.
It is recognised that communications methods, other than email, are available for data transmission. If an alternative is proposed, this should be advised to the Validation Authority and if feasible and practicable the UK Fisheries Administrations will endeavour to extend their ERS system to accommodate alternative methods.
The ELSS must permit the Master of the vessel to generate formatted data for transmission to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system. There are 2 categories of transmission, those that must be generated automatically by the ELSS and those that can be generated and transmitted under the control of the Master of the vessel. The data transmission categories are specified below:
Automatically by the ELSS (subject to be overridden by the vessel master): at least on a daily basis not later than 24:00 even when there is no catch data with the proviso that if the vessel is in port, has no fish on board and has submitted a landing declaration, transmission may be suspended subject to prior notification to the Fisheries Monitoring Centre of the flag Member State. Transmission must be resumed when the vessel leaves port.
The ELSS must provide facilities to capture and deliver for transmission corrections to previously successfully transmitted data. Data corrections must not be transmitted piecemeal; the entire report containing one or more corrected items must be transmitted. There is no requirement to identify the data items that have been corrected in the generated corrected report.
The ELSS must be able to receive acknowledgement (RET) messages transmitted from the UK fisheries administrations ERS system. The ELSS must match each acknowledgement message with the appropriate transmitted data operation, deletion or correction report. The ELSS must be able to confirm that a transmission has been successfully acknowledged or display any error message should the ELSS receive a negative acknowledgement message.
The ELSS must only permit correction messages to be generated and sent for reports sent during a current trip up to the submission of the End of Fishing report for that voyage
The ELSS must provide facilities to transmit deletions to previously transmitted data.
The ELSS must only permit deletion messages to be generated and sent for reports sent during a current trip up to the End of Fishing report for that voyage.
All deletions must be easily identifiable within the ELSS user interface.
Prior to registering a product for approval, a test address for all test email transmissions and test logon details to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system will be provided on request. All requests should be made by contacting the Validation Authority by email in the first instance. The email address is ERS-Logbook-Approvals@NCCGroup.com.
Once operational the UK XML/XSD allows for a test message to be sent to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system. This test facility must be used to send test transmissions to establish that the communications between the vessel and the UK fisheries administrations ERS system are fully operational. The UK fisheries administrations ERS system will acknowledge any test messages but will not store any data that has been transmitted.
ELSS must retain all logbook reports and any corrections on the system at least until the end of each trip, i.e. on submission of the electronic landing declaration or of a transhipment report.
Any ELSS software updates must not impact upon the ELSSs ability to meet the requirements set out in this document and other test documentation . If it does then the product must be submitted for re-approval, and can not be deployed by fishing vessels until this is granted and the new version id is published on the UKFA web site lists
The ELSS should at least be able to transmit data via email, either by being included in a packaged solution with an email system or by linking with an existing on-board email service. Data is required to be emailed as an xml document attached to an email with a standard Subject header and sent to the email address of the UK fisheries administrations ERS system.
All corrections must be easily identifiable within the ELSS user interface.
The ELSS must provide Electronic Logbook data for transmission to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system in accordance with the frequency requirements defined below (Section 5.1).
The ELSS may also provide the means for recording additional data but this must not interfere with the data capture and submission functions as set out below.
Additionally a formatted electronic print file may be generated out of the ELSS. This print file can be made available to a masters representative on-shore, e.g. by email over the onboard communications system(s). The ELSS must provide a means so that electronic print files are protected so that they cannot be modified in any way once generated and distributed.
The ELSS may provide features to facilitate other print requirements including: Generation of hard copies of the Electronic Logbook required when fishing in 3rd country or Regional Fisheries waters, e.g. NAFO, Faroese and Norwegian waters, Generation of a hard copy logsheet or landing declaration to act as a transport or takeover document, Generation of a hard copy for providing regulatory returns for Cod and Hake effort reporting.
The ELSS must capture all data necessary for recording the fishing activities undertaken by a UK fishing vessel.
The ELSS must output the data as an XML file for transmission to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system.
The ELSS data must be validated against the UK XML/XSD before transmission from the fishing vessel.
The ELSS data must be transmitted at the required times.
Each ELSS data transmission will be acknowledged by a return message from the UK fisheries administrations ERS system.
The owner is then able to set up subsidiary users such as the master of the vessel with their own username and password.
The username is required to be recorded in each report completed and in each transmission made; the person who has entered the data is required to sign the Electronic Logbook data stating that they are aware of the responsibilities/liabilities they are committing to in completing and / or transmitting a report.
Each copy of the ELSS installed must be provided with a unique (internal?) number that is automatically entered into each transmission to identify the instance of the ELSS from which the report has been transmitted.
Data operation to capture and deliver formatted ELSS data for transmission by a vessels communications system(s) to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system (DAT)
One username/password must be provided for the owner of each vessel
Correction operation to capture and deliver a formatted correction request for transmission by a vessels communications system(s) to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system to correct previously send data (COR)
Delete operation to capture and deliver a formatted deletion request for transmission by a vessels communications system(s) to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system to delete previously send data (DEL)
The Electronic Logbook data may be populated from other, existing, onboard electronic systems, e.g. a GPS for inserting the date, time and location of transmission, or for inserting the same items at the time of capture, onboard weighing systems, existing onboard database(s) to avoid duplication of data entry.
All dates and times must be UTC.
The ELSS must use English (UK) localizations for all UK Electronic Logbook features.
The ELSS must provide the ability to print out the ELSS logbook data (including landing declarations) using an onboard printer.
The data definitions also provide for the capture of data items required for the submission of ELSS data to meet 3rd country requirements, e.g. Norways requirements that include haul by haul reporting.
The data definitions for each report type that are required to be transmitted from the ELSS of a UK fishing vessel are to be found in the annex to this specification. The data definitions and associated lists of valid codes are incorporated in the UK XML/XSD definitions. These are available to all ELSS suppliers from the UK FMC.
Receipt of acknowledgment operation to match acknowledgement with original message and provide a record/report of acknowledged and un-acknowledged transmissions
The ELSS must provide data capture screens for the entry of the logbook, transhipment and landing declaration data that is required to be transmitted to the UK fisheries administrations ERS system.
As it has already been mentioned, GParted is not a resource hog and will run on almost every computer. Its functions and features are not computationally intensive. It does not require a powerful processor or graphics card, much RAM, or disk space, for both the install and Live version, and the program loads and runs fairly quick. The only real requirement is a CD/DVD drive or a USB port that is working properly.
GParted Live does not deal with any security or privacy issues, as it does not run from within an operating system. Every user has administrator rights and full access which are given from the start of the program, as you are logged in as root.
As it is stated with many warnings in the program, data loss is a serious possibility, if you are not careful, backup your data and/or use the program with extreme caution. It is obvious that when you deal with partition changes, you could lose all your data by human or application error. GParted comes with absolute no warranty and cannot be made responsible for any loss of data.
Sensor (temperature, humidity, contact sensor, power state) shall have a minimum data acquisition rate of 10 Hz.
Although there are no specific safety requirements, high system reliability is important to insure there are no system failures in carrying out user requests. Such failures might affect the safety of home dwellers (e.g., security breaches, inadequate lighting in dark spaces, inappropriate temperature and humidity for people who are in ill-health, or powering certain appliances when young children are present).
Log in to an account shall require entry of an account name and a password.
Upon installation, a DigitalHome user account shall be established. The DigitalHome web system shall provide for authentication and information encryption through a recognized reliable and effective security technology, such as Transport Layer Security.
An environmental sensor or controller device shall have to be within 1000 feet of the master control device, in order to be in communication with the system.
Displays of environmental conditions (temperature, humidity, contact sensors and power switches) shall be updated at least every two seconds.
Each DigitalHome shall contain a master control device (the DH Gateway Device) that connects to the homes broadband Internet connection, and uses wireless communication to send and receive communication between the DigitalHome system and the home devices and systems.
Using wireless communication, sensor values can be read and saved in the home database.
The DigitalHome shall be equipped with various environmental controllers and sensors (temperature controller-sensors: thermostats, humidity controller-sensors: humidistats, contact sensors, security sound and light alarms, and power switches).
The communication center of the DH system shall be a DH home web server, through which a user shall be able to monitor and control home devices and systems.
The DigitalHome System shall allow a web-ready computer, cell phone or PDA to control a home s temperature, humidity, lights, security, and the state of small appliances.
Controller values can be sent to controllers to change the DH environment.
A campaign has the following components: Name, Pieces of content, Schedule, User/Group Permissions
A schedule is a mapping of times to publishing actions. It may contain any actions a publisher can perform, and these actions are performed at the associated time.
A piece of content may take the following forms: Text, Image, Audio, Video
Mashbot will allow for the association of Mashbot accounts with external service accounts.
Mashbot will provide an interface for authenticating a user account to an external service account
Mashbot will provide a standardized method of interacting with external service accounts
The system encrypts data over a direct connection between the web client and the server.
The system allows for the backup of the data system to local or remote non-volatile storage systems. Incremental backups should not create outages and full backups do not interfere with user interaction for more than 10 minutes.
The system allows only valid users to log into the system. A valid user is one which has not been disabled or deleted and exists on the system.
The format uses SMTP protocol. The actual messages are provided by Mashbot.
To log onto the system, a user provides their valid username and password.
The system uses the configured authentication module. The authentication method is configurable by the System Administrator.
The system allows the System Administrator to configure a timeout after which a user is automatically logged out of Mashbot.
The external email system is to provide a messaging service from Mashbot to the Mashbot users.
The input is generated automatically by the Mashbot system using settings configurable by the System Administrator.
The output is in the form of an e-mail to an e-mail account, but it does not return any sort of message to Mashbot.
The system only allows users to change their own passwords.
The system is configurable to e-mail warnings about multiple failed login attempts from the same user. These warnings are sent to the System Administrator. Other security risks of this type are the responsibility of the System Administrator.
Individual passwords can be reset.
New user accounts can be created.
It is possible to disable all accounts except for the System Administrator account.
The system categorizes users on the basis of roles and privileges. Within these roles, the system also categorizes users based on the roles that they have within individual products. These are referred to as user account roles. Mashbot Campaigns supports the following account roles: Contributor, Approver, Publisher
The system gives users the ability to reset their password.
Roles reflect actions that can be performed by a user.
Roles can be assigned to a user account for individual products.
Contributors may create new content, import existing content into the system, edit content, and delete it. They may also submit these actions for approval.
Approvers can approve actions performed by contributors
Publishers may schedule or immediately initiate actions put forth by contributors and those approved by approvers.
The system may contain any number of user accounts.
A user may possess more than one role
User Account Modification The system allows users to modify their accounts once created.
The system requires that a user have logged in before modifications can be made. The following user account information is modifiable by all user types: Password, Email Address Priority, Name
User Account Deactivation The system allows user accounts to be deactivated.
The system denies user who have been deactivated from accessing the system.
If an account has any history associated with it, it can only be deactivated and not deleted.
If an account has no history associated with it, it can be deleted from the system.
A disable account can be undisabled
Certain pieces of information are required to create new accounts. The following information is required for any new user account: Username, Password, Name, Email Address, Group Membership, User Account Type
PDFsam does not introduce any security level, since the data it manages is not critical. The users in the application are all equal so there is not the need of any identity management level.
Furthermore, the system can check for updates whenever is requested by the user, or automatically when opening the application. In this way PDFsam will be always up-to-date with all new supported features and bug fixes.
PDFsam is an application that needs a few system resources to work. This is designed not to delay the system from other key processes. The response time of the program is direct and the application is considered real-time.
Restart PDFsam application to be the changes applied.
Log level must not be OFF (in the Settings panel) in order to work this function
Operation system on the computer system
Pages number in the page selection must be comprehended.
The number of digits that can be used for the unique [FILENUMBER] prefix must be 10 or less.
The user can mix only 2 documents at a time (not more or less).
The compression of the output files requires pdf version 1.5 or above.
The user can split only once document at a time.
The application must ensure that it leaves untouched the input pdf files. No modification is allowed to these files.
The user can manipulate only 1 document at a time (not more).
Moreover, the application should function even in cases of wrong data insertion or wrong settings. In case of error it should provide users with appropriate help messages.
The system shall allow patients to book appointments online.
The application should load the patient dashboard within 3 seconds.
The software shall store patient medical records securely.
The system must comply with HIPAA regulations.
Users shall be able to update their personal information.
The platform should be available 99.9% of the time.
The system shall provide medication reminders to patients.
The application should support encryption of data at rest and in transit.
Doctors shall access patient histories through the system.
The interface should be user-friendly and intuitive.
The system shall generate billing invoices automatically.
The application should handle up to 10,000 concurrent users.
The software shall integrate with existing EHR systems.
The response time for any request should not exceed 2 seconds.
Patients shall be able to view their test results online.
The system should be compatible with major web browsers.
The application shall support multi-factor authentication.
Users shall receive notifications for upcoming appointments.
The platform should ensure data redundancy and backups.
The system shall allow healthcare providers to prescribe medications electronically.
The application should adhere to WCAG 2.1 accessibility standards.
Patients shall be able to communicate with their doctors via secure messaging.
The system should support mobile and desktop devices.
The software shall log all user activities for auditing purposes.
The platform shall provide analytics dashboards for administrators.
The application should minimize downtime during updates.
Users shall be able to reset their passwords securely.
The system should implement role-based access control.
The software shall allow for customization of user profiles.
The platform should support multilingual interfaces.
Patients shall be able to upload and share medical documents.
The application should integrate with third-party payment gateways securely.
The system shall provide real-time chat support.
The interface should be designed for scalability.
Healthcare providers shall be able to schedule surgeries through the system.
The application should have a disaster recovery plan in place.
Users shall receive confirmation emails upon successful actions.
The system should optimize database queries for performance.
The software shall support biometric authentication methods.
Patients shall have access to their vaccination records.
The platform should ensure compatibility with wearable health devices.
The system shall facilitate telemedicine consultations.
The application should enforce strong password policies.
Users shall be able to download their medical history.
The system should support data migration from legacy systems.
Healthcare administrators shall manage user roles and permissions.
The application should have a consistent design language.
Patients shall receive automated follow-up reminders.
The system should utilize cloud infrastructure for scalability.
The software shall provide audit trails for all transactions.
Doctors shall access patient data through secure portals.
The application should ensure high availability and uptime.
Users shall be able to search for specialists within the network.
The system should implement load balancing mechanisms.
Patients shall access educational resources through the platform.
The application should undergo regular security assessments.
Healthcare providers shall update patient records in real-time.
The system should support data analytics and reporting.
Users shall have the ability to customize dashboard views.
The application should integrate with electronic prescribing systems.
Patients shall receive secure access to their lab results.
The system should be designed for easy maintenance and updates.
Doctors shall schedule and manage their availability.
The application should provide data encryption standards compliant with industry norms.
Users shall be able to provide feedback through the platform.
The system should support automated data backups.
Patients shall be able to cancel or reschedule appointments online.
The application should monitor system performance metrics.
Healthcare staff shall generate and view patient discharge summaries.
The system should be resilient to cyber threats and vulnerabilities.
Users shall receive alerts for critical health notifications.
The application should facilitate integration with laboratory systems.
Patients shall access mental health resources through the platform.
The system should employ redundancy to prevent data loss.
Doctors shall access clinical decision support tools within the system.
The application should adhere to international data protection standards.
Users shall be able to view their billing history.
The system should provide real-time data synchronization across devices.
Patients shall participate in telehealth sessions via the platform.
The application should support high-definition video conferencing.
Healthcare providers shall receive training on using the system.
The system should include monitoring tools for performance tracking.
Users shall be able to set personal health goals within the application.
The application should ensure compatibility with various operating systems.
Patients shall receive personalized health recommendations.
The system should optimize storage usage through efficient data management.
Doctors shall have access to medical imaging within the system.
The application should support automated software updates.
Users shall be able to share their health data with authorized parties.
The system should implement robust firewall protections.
Patients shall be able to rate and review healthcare services.
The application should provide API access for third-party integrations.
Healthcare administrators shall generate compliance reports.
The system should support containerization for deployment flexibility.
Users shall have access to secure document sharing features.
The application should utilize machine learning for predictive analytics.
Patients shall be able to track their fitness and health metrics.
The system should support automated scaling based on demand.
Doctors shall receive notifications for patient updates.
The application should ensure data integrity through validation mechanisms.
Users shall customize notification preferences.
The system should provide a sandbox environment for testing new features.
Patients shall have access to a symptom checker tool.
The application should employ load testing to ensure performance under stress.
Healthcare providers shall access training materials within the system.
The system should use caching strategies to improve load times.
Users shall receive newsletters and updates via email.
The application should comply with international medical standards.
Patients shall be able to join support groups through the platform.
The system should utilize microservices architecture for modularity.
Doctors shall have access to patient appointment histories.
The application should implement secure coding practices.
Users shall be able to export their health data in various formats.
The system should support real-time collaboration between healthcare providers.
Patients shall receive discharge instructions through the application.
The application should undergo regular performance benchmarking.
Healthcare administrators shall manage inventory through the system.
The system should support geolocation services for locating nearby clinics.
Users shall have access to a help center within the application.
The application should integrate with national health databases.
Patients shall receive automated appointment reminders via SMS and email.
The system should implement continuous integration and deployment pipelines.
Doctors shall utilize electronic signatures for prescriptions.
The application should monitor and log security incidents.
Users shall be able to schedule recurring appointments.
The system should ensure compatibility with legacy hardware.
Patients shall access dietary and nutrition plans through the platform.
The application should use load balancing to distribute traffic efficiently.
Healthcare providers shall update vaccination records within the system.
The system should implement intrusion detection systems.
Users shall receive personalized dashboard widgets.
The application should support virtualization for deployment environments.
Patients shall be able to request prescription refills online.
The system should employ data anonymization techniques for research purposes.
Doctors shall access telemedicine tools integrated within the platform.
The application should ensure minimal downtime during maintenance.
Users shall have access to an audit log of their activities.
The system should support high availability configurations.
Patients shall view their allergy information within the application.
The application should utilize secure APIs for external integrations.
Healthcare providers shall receive alerts for critical patient conditions.
The system should support automated testing frameworks.
Users shall be able to set privacy preferences for their data.
The application should provide real-time synchronization across devices.
Patients shall access rehabilitation resources through the platform.
The system should implement rate limiting to prevent abuse.
Doctors shall use decision support systems for diagnostics.
The application should support container orchestration tools.
Users shall receive customized health tips based on their data.
The system should ensure data consistency across all modules.
Patients shall participate in virtual health workshops via the application.
The application should integrate with electronic lab systems securely.
Healthcare administrators shall manage user access rights within the system.
The system should utilize redundant network paths to ensure connectivity.
Users shall have access to a personalized health dashboard.
The application should support automated deployment processes.
Patients shall track their medication adherence through the platform.
The system should employ secure storage solutions for sensitive data.
Doctors shall access patient consent forms electronically.
The application should perform regular vulnerability scans.
Users shall receive timely updates on their treatment plans.
The system should support high-throughput data processing.
Patients shall engage in virtual counseling sessions via the application.
The application should integrate with imaging and radiology systems.
Healthcare providers shall manage patient referrals within the system.
The system should implement comprehensive logging for troubleshooting.
Users shall access their insurance information through the platform.
The application should utilize scalable cloud services to handle variable loads.
Patients shall receive tailored wellness programs through the application.
The system should support automated scaling based on usage patterns.
Doctors shall access patient lab results directly within the system.
The application should ensure compatibility with various mobile devices.
Users shall have the ability to share their health data with family members.
The system should implement strong authentication mechanisms.
Patients shall schedule follow-up visits through the platform.
The application should support integration with national health information exchanges.
Healthcare providers shall update treatment protocols within the system.
The system should use redundancy to enhance fault tolerance.
Users shall receive educational content based on their health profiles.
The application should employ secure communication channels.
Patients shall access their immunization records through the platform.
The system should support high availability clusters.
Doctors shall utilize the system for electronic health record management.
The application should implement data compression techniques to optimize storage.
Users shall be able to customize their notification settings.
The system should support automated resource provisioning.
Patients shall track their physical therapy progress through the application.
The application should ensure data integrity during transfers.
Healthcare administrators shall manage compliance settings within the system.
The system should employ load testing to ensure reliability under stress.
Users shall access a comprehensive FAQ section within the application.
The application should integrate with national patient registries securely.
Patients shall receive automated wellness check-ins via the platform.
The system should support microservices for modular functionality.
Doctors shall access clinical guidelines directly within the system.
The application should implement end-to-end encryption for all communications.
Users shall be able to download health reports in PDF format.
The system should utilize auto-scaling groups to manage traffic spikes.
Patients shall participate in virtual fitness classes through the application.
The application should support continuous monitoring for system health.
Healthcare providers shall manage patient appointments through the system.
The system should implement security best practices to prevent breaches.
Users shall access personalized health insights based on their data.
The application should support integration with third-party health apps.
Patients shall receive reminders for preventive care screenings.
The system should utilize distributed databases for scalability.
Doctors shall update patient treatment plans electronically.
The application should perform regular data integrity checks.
Users shall have access to a secure messaging system within the platform.
The system should implement multi-region deployments for redundancy.
Patients shall access chronic disease management tools through the application.
The application should support automated failover mechanisms.
Healthcare providers shall generate patient summaries within the system.
The system should employ network segmentation for enhanced security.
Users shall receive personalized diet and exercise plans.
The application should support real-time data processing and analytics.
Patients shall engage in virtual support groups via the platform.
The system should ensure high data throughput for large file transfers.
Doctors shall access patient billing information within the system.
The application should implement secure coding standards to prevent vulnerabilities.
Users shall be able to schedule annual physical exams through the platform.
The system should support automated patch management.
Patients shall access mental health assessments via the application.
The application should use secure protocols for all data transmissions.
Healthcare providers shall manage electronic referrals within the system.
The system should support horizontal scaling to handle increased loads.
Users shall receive health tips based on their activity data.
The application should integrate with national prescription databases securely.
Patients shall track their sleep patterns through the platform.
The system should employ automated monitoring for system anomalies.
Doctors shall utilize the system for remote patient monitoring.
The application should support high-resolution medical imaging displays.
Users shall have access to a personalized wellness dashboard.
The system should implement automated security updates.
Patients shall access genetic testing results through the application.
The application should support interoperability standards like HL7 and FHIR.
Healthcare providers shall access telehealth scheduling tools within the system.
The system should utilize secure token-based authentication.
Users shall receive tailored exercise recommendations based on their health data.
The application should support real-time synchronization of patient data.
Patients shall participate in virtual health assessments via the platform.
The system should implement data sharding for improved performance.
Doctors shall access patient immunization schedules within the system.
The application should ensure compliance with international cybersecurity standards.
Users shall have the ability to request medical record transfers.
The system should support automated data indexing for faster retrieval.
Patients shall access nutritional counseling resources through the application.
The application should employ machine learning algorithms for data analysis.
Healthcare providers shall manage patient care plans within the system.
The system should implement comprehensive access logging for security audits.
Users shall receive customized health alerts based on their profiles.
The application should support integration with wearable fitness trackers.
Patients shall access holistic health resources through the platform.
The system should utilize API gateways for secure service interactions.
Doctors shall update patient immunization records electronically.
The application should perform regular compliance checks against regulatory standards.
Users shall be able to set and track personal health milestones.
The system should support real-time data analytics for patient monitoring.
Patients shall engage in virtual dietary consultations via the application.
The application should ensure data portability for user exports.
Healthcare providers shall access patient telehealth session histories.
The system should implement robust data validation mechanisms.
Users shall access a personalized medication schedule within the platform.
The application should support high-availability database configurations.
Patients shall receive automated wellness program enrollments.
The system should employ encryption key management best practices.
Doctors shall utilize the system for electronic referral management.
The application should support containerized deployments for flexibility.
Users shall receive proactive health maintenance reminders.
The system should implement secure data wiping for decommissioned hardware.
Patients shall access personalized mental health resources through the application.
The application should support continuous integration for rapid deployment.
Healthcare providers shall manage patient follow-up schedules within the system.
The system should utilize distributed caching to enhance performance.
Users shall have access to a comprehensive health resource library.
The application should ensure compliance with GDPR for user data privacy.
Patients shall track their hydration levels through the platform.
The system should implement automated anomaly detection for security threats.
Doctors shall access patient family medical histories within the system.
The application should support seamless integration with hospital information systems.
Users shall receive tailored health insights based on their genetic data.
The system should employ fault-tolerant architecture to prevent downtime.
Patients shall engage in virtual physical therapy sessions via the application.
The application should support automated scaling based on user activity.
Healthcare providers shall access patient allergy information within the system.
The system should implement secure data transmission protocols.
Users shall be able to schedule home healthcare visits through the platform.
The application should support real-time collaboration tools for healthcare teams.
The system should utilize secure cloud storage solutions.
Doctors shall manage patient discharge processes within the system.
The application should perform regular security audits and assessments.
Users shall have access to personalized health journey maps.
The system should support automated data replication across regions.
Patients shall participate in virtual wellness challenges via the platform.
The application should integrate with electronic pharmacy systems securely.
Healthcare providers shall access patient behavioral health data within the system.
The system should implement intrusion prevention systems.
Users shall receive customized exercise plans based on their health data.
The application should support high-throughput data ingestion for large datasets.
Patients shall access personalized stress management resources through the application.
The system should utilize automated certificate management for secure communications.
Doctors shall access patient diagnostic imaging directly within the system.
The application should ensure compliance with local healthcare regulations.
Users shall have the ability to set health-related goals and track progress.
The system should implement automated failover to backup systems.
Patients shall engage in virtual nutritional counseling via the platform.
The application should support integration with national health information networks.
Healthcare providers shall manage patient immunization schedules within the system.
The system should employ secure application development lifecycle practices.
Users shall access a personalized health dashboard with real-time data.
The application should support automated data cleansing processes.
Patients shall receive personalized medication adherence support through the application.
The system should utilize secure microservices for different functionalities.
Doctors shall access patient lab test results directly within the system.
The application should ensure data residency compliance based on user location.
Users shall have access to a comprehensive symptom tracking tool.
The system should implement automated monitoring for performance metrics.
Patients shall access personalized exercise regimens through the platform.
The application should support secure integration with external health services.
The app shall run on a smart phone with Android OS least version 2.3 .
All layout shall be according to the TU/e corporate identity, unless in conflict with the guidelines of requirements UCOR003-UCOR006.
The icons shall be according to the Android Icon Guidelines.
The user interfaces shall be according to the Android User Interface Guidelines.
The Twitter "tweet" interface shall be according to the Twitter Guidelines.
The Facebook "like" interface shall be according to the Facebook Guidelines.
The campus map shall cover the campus of the TU/e.
The campus map shall cover the central train station of Eindhoven.
A new stylistic map must have the right dimensions.
A new stylistic map must be geographically correct.
News will be restricted to what is available in the feeds on the list of news RSS-feeds.
Agenda will be restricted to what is available in the feeds on the list of agenda RSS-feeds.
Information about a certain person will be restricted to what is available on the employee pages of the TU/e Encyclopedia.
The information and the search methods of the Encyclopedia-app will be restricted to the services provided by the MediaWiki of the TU/e Encyclopedia.
The information and the search methods of the Student Handbook-app will be restricted depending on file format of the handbook-information.
The search response time for the system must consistently be within two seconds, with an ideal goal of one second, based on measurments from 1000 searches during testing.
System dependability ensures users are informed of any issues for trusted system performance , measured during testing and prioritized highly.
The application should ideally use less than 10 MB of storage space, with a hard limit of 20 MB.
The applications memory usage on the mobile operating system should ideally be below 10 MB, with a strict limit of 20 MB during operation.
The system should reliably deliver accurate search results in over 98% of cases, aiming for 99% or even perfect accuracy during operation
The system should be accessible to users more than 98% of the time, ideally aiming for 99% or even continuous uptime.
The application requires an internet connection to function."
The application requires a GPS connection for functionality.
Login communication must be 100% encrypted to prevent usernames and passwords from being intercepted during data exchange between the application and server.
The restaurant owner login system must always prevent unauthorized access by notifying users of failed login attempts with non-existent accounts.
The admin login system must always block unauthorized access and notify admins of failed login attempts with non-existent accounts.
To prevent unauthorized access, restaurant owner accounts will be locked for 30 minutes after three failed login attempts, disabling login functionality during that period.
Admin accounts will be secured by a 30-minute lockout following three failed login attempts, preventing access from that IP address during the lockout period.
The system will enforce unique usernames during user account creation, prompting users to choose a different username if their desired one is already taken.
Restaurant owner account creation prioritizes security by enforcing unique usernames, requiring them to choose a different option if their desired name is unavailable.
The application's code structure should be designed for easy extension, facilitating the addition of new features.
The application will require well-defined test environments to ensure thorough testing of its various functionalities.
The application should be designed for easy porting between iOS and Android platforms.
The system must support 10,000 concurrent users with a maximum response time of 2 seconds.
The system will be developed using Waterfall methodology, Object-Oriented Programming in Java, targeting Android devices 2.3 onwards with a mandatory internet connection.
 The system will be designed in such a way that the algorithms for the four main units will be able to be easily swapped out.
The overall accuracy of the Web APIs response will be measured using a developer-made testing set.
The overall accuracy is calculated by dividing total number of correct answers by the number of questions asked.
The accuracy of the Generic Question Construction part will be close to 80%
The system will be designed in such a way that the algorithms for the four main units will be easily swapped out.
A Drexel University Web API is being designed to answer questions about campus facilities, staff, policies, dining, and food trucks, with accuracy ranging from 40% for food trucks to 80% for generic question construction.
The average time for the server to respond, over the question testing set, will be less than or equal to 2 seconds
The connection between the Web API and the programs will use HTTPS, for security.
A new user will make less than 3 mistakes in 5 minutes after 5 minutes of use.
The search feature should be prominent and easy to find for the user.
The different search options should be evident, simple and easy to understand.
Users should be able to easily understand and select results from the list with just a single click.
Map results should be clear and user-friendly, allowing selection of any pin with a single click.
The information link for each result should be clear, easy to identify, and open with just a single click.
The user interface should be GUI based.
The user shall be able to enter data using a cell phone keypad layout.
Users shall be able to configure settings both locally on the device and remotely. 
The system shall provide selection menus to minimize the need for manual typing of options.
Application prioritizes fast network response as it relies heavily on data retrieval rather than phone processing power.
The application itself will only have minimal logic and so there should be little to no issues with the computation required by the phone itself.
The only hazard is a user using the device when they should not be, such as while driving.
Secure connection to an internal system shall be required for user login and identification.
The primary attribute of this application will be usability given the large amounts of data and information that will be presented on such a small screen, as well as the users ability to input data into the device in a reasonable manner that should not be that much more difficult than if they were at an actual computer.
With regards to the intended number of users in the Amsterdam pilot, and the projected load scenarios, the intention is for the system to be able to serve 20.000 queries / day (in large part during the 4 peak traffic hours).
Users shall be able to trust and understand the system through its simplicity and transparency.
The system shall anonymize and aggregate route information to enable safe sharing without compromising user privacy.
The system shall employ encryption for all privacy-sensitive data at rest to ensure both security and basic functionality.
The system shall allow users to create unverified (anonymous) avatars or aliases.
The system shall empower end-users to manage their private data, including the option to delete their personal repository.
The system shall be multilingual, supporting English, Turkish, Finnish, and Italian for international deployment.
The system shall support the display of all user interface text elements in both English and Dutch.
The system shall allow qualified programmers to extend functionality through adding sub-apps and launchers.
The system shall allow authorized users to delete sub-apps and their launchers within the main application.
The system shall allow application maintainers to configure information sources for sub-applications like agenda, news, Facebook, and Twitter.
For non-programmers, the system shall allow customization of the application's visual style (colors and icons) for easy maintenance.
The application shall be extensible, allowing skilled Java Android programmers to add new sub-applications with launchers to the main interface.
Radford University students shall use their RU credentials to access automatic class schedule and assignment sharing.
The system shall operate primarily offline, with networked authentication components functioning only when Radford University's systems are available.
The development team will follow best practices for clean code and software modularity in order to make the application as maintainable as possible.
Users will be able to access this application on or off campus anytime on their mobile device without the need of an internet connection.
The system shall offer extensive customization for course and calendar details while maintaining a more static design for other functionalities.
The system shall function as a reusable semester-to-semester application for returning students, offering automatic class schedule updates and integration with the Radford University mobile app.
The system will be designed in such a way that the algorithms for the four main units will be able to be easily swapped out.
The overall accuracy shall be calculated by dividing total number of correct answers by the number of questions asked.
The accuracy of the Generic Question Construction part will be close to 80%.
The accuracy of the Generic Answer Construction unit will be close to 70%.
The accuracy of the Generic Answer Population unit will be close to 70%.
The average time for the server to respond, over the question testing set, will be less than or equal to 2 seconds.
The FAU class ensures security-relevant events are logged and identifies what information should be included in those logs.
The system shall be designed for high performance with optimized server queries, instantaneous screen transitions, and sub-second cost-division computation.
SplitPay will prioritize user safety by ensuring it doesn't interfere with other apps or data, and in the future, the application will warn users against using it when focus is critical. 
The system shall prioritize convenience over robust user authentication by relying solely on Google email verification in the future. 
SplitPay's user interface will prioritize usability and clarity, featuring a visually-appealing design and leveraging informative notifications and pop-ups to guide users in the future.
The system will prioritize error-free expense splitting calculations while offering full app functionality offline, caching financial data until reconnected.
All text elements in the user interfaces shall be presented in the selected language.
The system shall support the English language.
The system shall support Dutch as a user interface language.
Sub-apps and their launchers shall be added to the main app by a qualified programmer.
Sub-apps and their launchers in the main app shall be deleted by a qualified programmer.
System shall be able to change the colors used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
System shall be able to change the fonts used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
System shall be able to change the icons used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
System shall be able to change the buttons used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
System shall be able to change the background used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
System shall be able to change the text elements used in the user interfaces of the sub-apps and main application, excluding external resources.
The system shall restrict language selection to the main application.
The default language of insErtion will be English.
The system shall display a launcher to the Map-app version 3.1.3 on the main menu.
The system shall display a launcher to the News-app version 3.1.4 on the main menu.
The system shall display a launcher to the Agenda-app version 3.1.5 on the main menu.
The system shall display a launcher to the Facebook-app version 3.1.9 on the main menu.
The system shall display a launcher to the Twitter-app version 3.1.10 on the main menu.
The system shall display a launcher to the Employee-finder-app version 3.1.6 on the main menu.
The system shall conditionally display a launcher to the Encyclopedia-app on the main menu, only when the Dutch language is selected.
The system shall conditionally display a launcher to the Student handbook-app on the main menu, only when the Dutch language is selected.
The system shall be able to like insApption from the main menu.
The system shall be able to tweet about insApption from the main menu.
The system shall provide a link to the Twitter settings menu.
The system shall provide a link to the Facebook settings menu.
In the Twitter settings menu, the user shall be able to save their username and password for Twitter.
In the Facebook settings menu, the user shall be able to save their username and password for Facebook.
In the Twitter settings menu, the system shall allow the user to delete their saved username and password for Twitter.
In the Facebook settings menu, the system shall allow the user to delete their saved username and password for Facebook.
System shall be able to modify the appearance of the separate launchers.
System shall be able to search for a certain building on the campus of the TU/e by name.
System shall be able to search for a certain building on the campus of the TU/e by address.
System shall be able to search for a certain POI on the campus of the TU/e by name.
System shall be able to display a set of buildings that match the search input for queries described in requirements UCR201 and UCA202.
System shall be able to display a set of POI's that match the search input when a user performs a search by name.
System shall be able to display an element from the search result (buildings or POIs) in the map view, following requirements UCAR201, UCAR202, and UCAR203.
System shall be able to navigate between buildings on the campus.
System shall be able to navigate from a building to a POI on the campus.
System shall be able to navigate from a POI to a building on the campus.
System shall be able to navigate between POIs on the campus.
System shall be able to navigate from a POI to another location on the campus (which could be a building, street, etc.).
System shall be able to navigate from a street on the campus to another location on the campus.
System shall be able to switch between different means of transportation while navigating.
System shall be able to search for the from-location by the name of a building.
System shall be able to search for the from-location by the address of a building.
System shall be able to search for the from-location by the name of a POI.
System shall allow selecting the from-location from the search results obtained based on requirements UCAR211 and UCAR212 (presumably for building and POI searches).
System shall be able to allow selecting the from-location on the map.
System shall be able to search for the to-location by the name of a building.
System shall be able to search for the to-location by the address of a building.
System shall be able to search for the to-location by the name of a POI.
System shall allow selecting the to-location from the search results obtained based on requirements UCAR215 and UCAR216 (presumably for building and POI searches).
System shall be able to allow selecting the to-location on the map.
System shall be able to show the route planned by the navigator in the map view.
System shall display a stylistic map view in the application.
System shall display a satellite map view in the application.
System shall be able to allow users to switch between the stylistic and satellite map views.
System shall be able to allow users to zoom in and out of the map view.
System shall be able to allow users to pan around the map view.
System shall: Show the user's current location on the map view.
System shall be able to indicate POIs of a building.
System shall be able to allow users to tweet their current location.
System shall be able to allow users to change their Facebook status to include their current location.
Administrators shall be able to change the stylistic map.
Administrators shall be able to add buildings.
Administrators shall be able to remove buildings.
Administrators shall be able to add vertices to paths used in the route planner.
Administrators shall be able to remove vertices from paths used in the route planner.
Administrators shall be able to remove edges from paths used in the route planner.
Administrators shall be able to add edges to paths used in the route planner.
Administrators shall be able to add POIs associated with a specific building, floor, and room number.
Administrators shall be able to remove POIs associated with a specific building, floor, and room number.
Administrators shall be able to link a POI to a specific building, floor, and room number.
Administrators shall be able to unlink a POI from a specific building, floor, and room number.
System shall show titles of all news items available through the news RSS feeds on the title screen.
System shall show the first lines of news articles based on the titles on the title screen.
System shall display the full news report after a user chooses the corresponding news title.
User shall be able to like a certain news item.
User shall be able to tweet a certain news item.
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of English news RSS feeds.
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of Dutch news RSS feeds.
System shall show upcoming events on the title screen when the agenda app is started.
System shall provide a calendar view.
User shall be able to open calendar view.
User shall be able to close calendar view.
User shall be able to change the calendar to a different month.
User shall be able to see on which days events take place in calendar view.
System shall be able to indicate the current day on the calendar.
System shall be able to show events for a selected day in the calendar.
User shall be able to search for events by date.
User shall be able to search for events by subject.
System shall display a set of events that match the search input by date or subject (as described in requirements UCAR406 and UCAR407).
User shall be able to like a certain event.
User shall be able to tweet a certain event.
System shall extract only events available in the agenda app from the agenda RSS feeds in the selected language.
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of agenda RSS feeds available in English.
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of agenda RSS feeds available in Dutch.
User shall be able to search for a person by name.
User shall be able to search for a person by department.
System shall be able to display a set of employees that match the search input when a user performs a search by name (as described in requirements UCAR501 and UCAR502).
System shall be able to allow users to view all personal information available through the employee pages for a selected person from the search results obtained through requirement UCAR503.
System shall be able to show the location of a selected employee's office on the map view.
System shall be able to plan a route to the location of a selected employee's office.
System shall be able to display the most searched items on the title screen when the Encyclopedia app is launched.
System shall be able to display the most recent items on the title screen when the Encyclopedia app is launched.
User shall be able to search the book by a certain word or phrase. 
User shall be able to see a displayed set of topics when performing a search as described in requirement UCAR602.
User shall be able to select a topic from the search result list.
User shall be able to view the full text regarding a topic by clicking on it.
User shall be able to like a certain topic.
User shall be able to tweet a certain topic.
User shall be able to see the most searched items on the title screen when starting the student handbook app.
User shall be able to select a topic from the search results obtained through a search described in requirement UCAR702. 
User shall be able to like a certain topic. 
User shall be able to tweet a certain topic. 
User shall be able to see the TU/e Facebook page on the title screen when starting the Facebook app.
User shall be able to select other TU/e related Facebook sites from a list. 
System shall show the TU/e Facebook page on the title screen when the Facebook app is started.
System shall allow users to select other TU/e related Facebook sites from a list upon starting the Facebook app.
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of TU/e related Facebook sites.
System shall show the TU/e Twitter page on the title screen when the Twitter app is started.
System shall allow users to select other TU/e related Twitter sites from a list upon starting the Twitter app (content of the list is defined in requirement UCAR903).
Administrators shall be able to modify the list of TU/e related Twitter sites.
Users shall be able to download the mobile application for free through an application store or similar service on the mobile phone.
Users shall be able to check for new software releases and download them manually through the mobile phone.
Users shall be able to register on the mobile application by providing a username, password, and email address, with the option to provide a phone number.
Users shall be able to log in to the mobile application with credentials stored on the phone for automatic future login.
User shall be able to retrieve their password by email if they forget it.
Users shall be able to search for restaurants on the mobile application using various options including price, destination, restaurant type, specific dish, and free text with the ability to combine multiple options in a single search.
Users shall be able to view search results on a map with a maximum of 100 restaurants displayed, including pins with information links, a default zoom level, and a button to access filtering options.
Users shall be able to view search results in a list containing details like restaurant name, contact information, distance, price, description, links, and sort/filter the results by various criteria.
User shall be able to select a restaurant from the map or list and navigate there using the phone's GPS, then return to the search page upon arrival.
Users shall be able to switch between a map view and a list view for all search options.
Users shall be able to view a detailed restaurant information page including picture, name, contact details, food type, price range, description, and menu by selecting the information link on search results.
User shall be able to search for restaurants by price range (minimum and maximum) with results displayed in a list view by default.
User shall be able to search for restaurants by entering a desired distance range (minimum and maximum) from their current location.
The user shall be able to search by price and destination, entering integers for their desired values, and be informed if they enter an invalid input.
The user shall be able to choose a restaurant type from a list and see the results on a map.
The user shall be able to choose a dish from a list and see results on a map.
The user shall be able to search for restaurants by any criteria (name, description, address, type, or menu) in a free-text field, with results shown on a map.
The user shall be able to refine their search directly on the same page if their initial search yields no results.
Users shall be able to sort search results by various criteria with ascending or descending order.
The user shall be able to filter search results by distance, price, restaurant type, and specific dish.
The user shall be able to edit their profile information and choose the app language (Swedish, English, Spanish, French) on the profile page.
User shall be able to register and apply for verification on the web portal by providing username, password, address, email address, and phone number.
User (restaurant owner) shall be able to apply for verification after registering on the web portal.
Users shall be able to log in only after receiving a confirmation email following verification of their restaurant owner application.
User shall be able to log in as a restaurant owner upon successful authentication.
User shall be able to reset their password by entering their email address and receiving a password reset link.
The user shall be able to manage information through a web form.
The user shall be able to complete mandatory registration by providing restaurant name, address, phone number, email address, and average price.
A user shall be able to optionally provide a restaurant description, menu, type, picture, and mobile number to enhance their listing.
The user shall be able to create a menu entry by providing a dish name, description, and price.
User shall be able to add restaurant information upon submitting the form, provided all mandatory fields are completed.
User shall be able to add restaurant information by completing mandatory fields and optionally adding additional details.
The user shall be able to delete information from their restaurant listing.
The system shall allow authenticated restaurant owners to edit existing restaurant information.
The system shall be able to display content in the user's preferred language, allowing the restaurant owner to switch to English and view all text in English.
The system shall be able to display content in the user's preferred language upon selection.
The system shall allow the restaurant owner to select French as the preferred language for the web portal interface.
The system shall allow administrators to log in with their accounts and grant them administrative privileges.
The system shall allow administrators to verify restaurant owners, granting them login access and sending confirmation emails.
The system shall allow administrators to reject restaurant owners, disabling their login and sending a rejection email.
The system shall allow administrators to add new restaurant types.
The system shall allow administrators to edit restaurant types, updating the list accordingly.
The system shall allow administrators to delete restaurant types, removing them from the list.
The system shall be able to add a new dish to the list upon creation by an administrator.
The system shall be able to update an existing dish in the list upon edit by an administrator.
The system shall allow administrators to permanently remove dishes from the list.
The system shall be able to add restaurant information upon administrator login.
The system shall be able to delete restaurant information upon administrator confirmation.
The system shall allow administrators to edit existing restaurant information.
The system shall be able to update user information when an administrator edits an existing user profile.
The system shall allow administrators to delete existing user accounts.
The system shall be able to add a new restaurant owner upon creation by an administrator.
The system shall allow administrators to update restaurant owner information.
The system shall be able to delete a restaurant owner upon administrator confirmation, also removing all associated restaurant information.
The system shall display all text in English when the administrator selects English as the preferred language.
The system shall be able to display the web-portal in Swedish upon administrator selection.
The user shall be able to select French as their preferred language for the web portal.
The user shall be able to change the web-portals language to Spanish.
The system shall display a search bar prominently to enable users to easily find the information they need.
The system shall present search options in a clear, understandable way.
The system shall display user-friendly, one-click selectable results in the list view.
The system shall display user-friendly map view results requiring a single click to select a pin.
The system shall ensure the information link is clearly visible, clickable in one action, and functions as a link.
The user shall be able to create an account by providing credentials and activating it via email.
The user shall be able to log in to the system by entering their username or email and password.
User shall be able to log out of the system.
Users shall be able to search for items by filtering by price, location, and category.
Users shall be able to browse profiles of other users, including usernames, profile photos, and their items.
The user shall be able to browse categories and see the item count for each.
User shall be able to browse items including pictures, prices, and other features.
User shall be able to change profile information including username, email address, profile picture, and password.
User shall be able to confirm username and password changes through email notification.
User shall be able to purchase credits using credit card or PayPal account.
The user shall be able to purchase items in their cart using credits, if allowed by the item.
The user shall be able to request an exchange for an item they want, if the item they have is eligible for exchange.
The user shall be able to approve an exchange offer from another user.
The user shall be able to decline an exchange offer from another user.
The user shall be able to notify the recipient that their item has been shipped.
Users shall be able to freely add items with details, price, amount, and pictures.
The user shall be able to edit their existing items, including adding/removing pictures and changing price and details.
The user shall be able to remove an item they no longer wish to sell/exchange by tapping the Remove the item button.
Users can permanently delete their accounts and access to the system.
The user shall be able to mark an item as a favorite for change notifications.
Users shall be able to provide ratings and comments about their trading partners.
The system shall accept GET requests with a question in a single URL parameter and a Content-Type header of application/json.
System shall be able to respond to API queries with either JSON data or error messages, using appropriate response codes and headers.
The system shall return a JSON response containing either successful data or error messages, but not both.
The system shall be able to anonymize text by replacing identified keywords with generic terms and provide a mapping between them.
The system shall be able to maintain a list of generic words associated with potential user queries.
The system shall return a user-friendly message like Sorry, I didn't understand that when it encounters an error parsing the input.
The system shall be able to condense the output sentence from the Generic Question Construction unit (R4.2.1.3) into a single, concise sentence.
This system will convert an input question about a specific entity and property (e.g., building closing time) into a generic answer sentence (e.g., building closes at specific time).
The system shall be able to handle generic sentence failures by falling back to error handling in R4.4.2.1.
The system shall be able to process a mapping received from the Generic Question Construction unit.
The system shall be able to condense a generic answer from the Generic Answer Construction unit into a single, concise sentence.
The system shall be able to retrieve data about mapped elements from the database.
The system shall be able to personalize generic responses by inserting specific data.
If the database has no closing time for Rush Building, the system will inform the user and provide the Drexel University website for further information.
The system shall be able to provide a generic error message when no relevant website is found.
A MySQL database will be used to store all information required to answer questions.
The system shall be able to populate the database with extracted information prior to full system initialization.
The database will use the generic representations from R4.2.2.1 as table names or column headers for easier retrieval of data.
The database will be updated periodically and the API will be unavailable during the update.
Structural data sources will have their data stored in our database
For data with enough structuring, web scraping will be used to programmatically extract all the data needed and store it in our database.
For totally unstructured information, AI libraries will be used to programmatically extract and store any information possible
Data that is especially hard to extract, for whatever reason, will be manually extracted and added to the database by a developer.
The GUI will have a textbox that will accept inputs from a keyboard.
Text box will originally contain a suggestive text question, to guide the user to the format of an appropriate question. 
The GUI will have a Send button which sends text from the textbox to the API when clicked
The GUI will have a chat window displaying questions sent to the system and responses from the API.
The chat window will contain all questions and answers from the current session, with a scroll bar if all messages cant fit on the screen.
If there is a network issue, the chat window will display an error message.
There will be a designated phone number that users can send texts to. 
Texts sent to that number will be sent to the API, then the system will reply to the user with the answer as another text message.
If a question is not understood by our API, the system will send a text containing an example question after the text with the API response.
The feature of the application shall provide the optimized route for the given addresses
The system shall be able to find the best route for multiple addresses, including fixing any gaps between them.
While a fast internet connection is optional, the system shall be designed to perform optimally with a fast connection.
The system shall be able to dynamically load new maps in response to each user request.
The system shall ensure compliance with Google Maps API terms of use by adhering to Google's policies.
After installing the Application from iTunes or the App store the user will be asked to login.
The user shall be able to select a catalogue from Spring 2013 or Winter 2013.
The user will be able to browse a variety of clothing categories, including outerwear, activewear, and eco-friendly options.
Users shall be able to select product thumbnail images after choosing a category.
The user shall be able to select a product and view its details.
The system shall display a detailed product page with all the information and features found on the main website.
The user shall be able to choose between contacting a representative for an order or completing the checkout process online.
The user shall be able to browse the catalogue or use the search function upon successful login.
The user shall be able to search for a product by product ID/SKU or by keyword after selecting the search icon.
The search feature will display either search results or a no matches found message depending on the query's success.
The user shall be able to select a product from the search results and proceed to the product details page.
Upon successful login, the user shall be able to browse the catalogue, search for items, or navigate to the Videos and Contact Us sections.
The user shall be able to download the catalogue PDF for viewing on their mobile device.
User shall be able to view a list of 360 videos after selecting the "Videos" option.
User shall be able to play a selected 360 video on their device.
User shall be able to zoom in on images using standard mobile gestures.
User shall be able to navigate to the next product by swiping left to right.
User shall be able to return to the product category page using the back button in the top corner.
User shall be able to search for products by keyword or product ID.
User shall be able to access the Catalogue PDF, 360 videos, and contact a representative using the sub navigation icons.
Users are not able to safely operate the device under certain conditions, such as while driving.
System shall be able to integrate with the internal system for user login and identification.
System shall be able to maintain data security.
System shall provide a data entry experience comparable to a desktop computer.
System shall be designed for mobile portability with minimal storage requirements and efficient performance.
User shall be able to receive an activation email upon filling all necessary registration fields.
User shall be able to log in and start using the system after activating their account.
User shall be able to log in to the system by entering their username/email and password.
User shall be able to log out of the system by using the logout button.
User shall be able to search for items by price, location, or category.
User shall be able to browse other users profiles, including usernames, profile photos, and listed items.
User shall be able to browse product categories and see the number of items in each category.
User shall be able to browse items and see their pictures, prices, and other features.
Users can enable email confirmation for username or password changes, requiring a click to finalize the update.
User shall be able to purchase credits using a credit card or PayPal account.
User shall be able to add items to their cart by selecting the Add to Cart button.
User shall be able to add items to their cart by tapping the Add to Cart button.
User shall be able to request an exchange for an available item by offering items they already have.
User shall be able to approve an exchange offer from another user by clicking Approve.
User shall be able to decline an exchange offer from another user by clicking Decline.
User shall be notified when they initiate shipment of an item.
User shall be able to add an unlimited number of items.
User shall be able to set the price, quantity, upload pictures, and add details when listing an item.
User shall be able to edit their listed items by adding/removing pictures, changing price, and modifying details.
User shall be able to remove items from their listings by tapping Remove Item.
User shall be able to permanently delete their profile and associated account details by clicking Delete Profile.
User shall be able to mark an item as a favorite to receive notifications about changes to that item.
User shall be able to rate and comment on users they have traded with.
The system shall be able to support 10,000 concurrent users.
System shall respond to user interactions within 2 seconds.
System shall display a search form on the home page.
System shall include all relevant sites in its search engine index.
System shall utilize the search form and indexed sites to deliver search results.
Users shall be able to search for websites using the site name or description.
System shall be able to provide auto-suggestions for search queries.
System shall be able to display search results in descending order as a list of links.
System shall be able to display a No results found message when no search results are found.
System shall be able to include a link back to the home page when displaying No results found.
 System shall be able to locate the user through a geolocation feature.
System shall be able to utilize Geolocation scripts to determine the user's location.
System shall be able to verify if the user is situated within a 1-mile radius of the campus.
System shall be able to update the user's location if they are found to be within the 1-mile radius.
System shall be able to request permission from the user to access their location services.
System shall be able to redirect the user to the home screen if they decline to grant location services permission.
System shall be able to create the user within the system if the user grants location services permission.
System shall be able to display a failure message and return the user to the home page if it's unable to successfully update the location.
System shall be able to update the page with links to nearby sites based on the user's location.
System shall be able to construct an Ajax Response to update the home page with links to nearby sites.
System shall be able to provide a list of the 3 nearest sites, sorted alphabetically by name, with links to their respective pages.
System shall be able to present the sites on a map, marked with their names, descriptions, and links to their respective pages.
System shall be able to perform distance calculations and access geolocation information for the user, sites, and nearby sites.
System shall be able to display a list of all sites sorted alphabetically (A-Z) by site name when user clicks a Browse Sites link on the homepage.
System shall be able to collect and sort a list of all sites by name.
System shall be able to build URLs for each sites page.
System shall be able to display a campus map with all historical sites marked upon clicking a Map Sites link on the homepage.
System shall be able to place a marker for each historical site on the map, including the site name, a short description, and a link to the sites page.
System shall be able to display a list of thumbnail images for a site, sorted from oldest to newest by year, when on the sites page.
System shall be able to return a no image message if no image is available for a site.
System shall be able to replace the main site image and description with the corresponding ones from a clicked thumbnail image on the sites page.
System shall be able to display an enlarged version of the main site image when the user clicks on it on the sites page.
System shall be able to display a walking tour page when the user clicks a Walking Tour link.
System shall be able to display an "About" page when the user clicks an "About" link.
System shall be able to operate without storing any personal user data.
System shall be able to delete user location information nightly via a cron job.
System shall require authorization for project admins before they can access the admin interface to manage project sites.
System shall implement standard web security measures.
System shall be designed for easy extensibility, maintainability, and potential release as an open-source application.
System shall be deployable and operational in under one minute upon USB insertion.
The system shall be designed for extensibility, maintainability, and open-source release.
Upon the USB being plugged in the system shall be able to be deployed and operational in less than 1 minute
Citizens can file complaints with the police.
The police will then investigate the complaint based on evidence and facts.
Interfacing with the courts during the prosecution of cases is an integral part of the responsibilities of police personnel.
The system shall be able to perform basic and advanced searches on cases for police personnel through the Search module.
The system shall be able to facilitate information exchange between citizens and police units/personnel through the Citizen Interface module.
The system shall provide role-based landing pages to users to assist with navigating the CCTNS application.
The system shall be configurable to meet specific state requirements and keep data elements and rules up-to-date.
The system shall be able to provide adequate response times for commonly performed functions under both standard and peak loads across all user interfaces of the application.
The system shall perform searches returning results within 5-8 seconds (simple) and 10-15 seconds (advanced) regardless of data size.
The system shall be able to retrieve and display a recently accessed (within the last 2 months) case within 5-8 seconds, regardless of storage capacity or the number of cases in the system.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate police stations of all sizes and caseloads.
The system shall be able to support a multilingual interface.
The user shall be able to access help content in both offline and online modes.
The system shall be able to provide an interface for users to log and track defects and enhancement requests for the application.
The system shall be able to send alerts (e.g., email, SMS) to users upon their request whenever an action is taken on their defect or enhancement request.
The system shall be able to allow users to track the status of their submitted defects or enhancement requests.
The system shall be able to allow help-desk users to view reports on submitted defects and enhancement requests categorized by type, status, and submission time.
The system shall be accessible to users both from within the application and through a web browser interface.
the system shall enforce role-based access control (RBAC) for its functionalities.
The System must allow only admin-users to set up user profiles and allocate users to groups. 
The System must allow a user to stipulate which other users or groups can access cases. 
The System must allow changes to security attributes for groups or users (such as access rights, security level, privileges, password allocation and management) to be made only by super-user.
System shall restrict search results to only records the user has access rights for (both quick and advanced searches).
System shall log unauthorized access attempts to cases in the audit trail.
The system shall be able to create a complete audit trail for all case access, activities, and related documents or data.
All error messages produced by the System must be meaningful, so that they can be appropriately acted upon by the users who are likely to see them.
The System must employ a single set of user interface rules, or a small number of sets to provide a familiar and common look and feel for the application. 
Ideally, each error message will be accompanied by explanatory text and an indication of the action(s) which the user can take in response to the error. 
The system shall allow users to customize interface elements (displayed columns, layout) and save these preferences in their profiles.
The System must provide End User and Administrator functions which are easy to use and intuitive throughout. 
Frequently-executed System transactions must be designed so that they can be completed with a small number of interactions (e.g. mouse clicks). 
The system shall comply with Standard ISO 9241 for user interface design.
The system shall provide textual descriptions or alternative functionalities for all non-text media like images and videos.
The system shall provide self-descriptive navigation, allowing users to understand their location, history, and future options within the application.
The system shall be able to offer users alternative ways to navigate to the same content.
The system shall minimize splash screens and only display them if they provide valuable information to the user.
The system shall allow users to skip the splash screen if one is present.
The system shall minimize vertical scrolling by prioritizing top placement of important information and utilize links for less crucial details, and avoid horizontal scrolling altogether.
The system shall minimize user errors and make error recovery effortless.
The user interface shall display clear error messages explaining the issue and suggesting solutions, all in the user's chosen language.
The system shall be able to handle user interfaces that accept and display information like currency, measurements, dates, and addresses in a way that is clear for users from various backgrounds.
Users shall be able to resize text using built-in functions or appropriate methods.
The system shall ensure that textual content is free of spelling and grammatical errors for clear readability.
The system shall present information on the screen in a user-friendly way using short sentences, clear sections, and bullet points for easy reading and understanding.
The system shall ensure text readability considering display characteristics and follow ISO 9241-303 for screen text legibility.
System shall use clear and familiar labels for navigation links, considering users' general knowledge and experience with similar systems.
The system shall be able to clearly mark links that open in new browser windows or pop-up windows.
The System must be available to users on all weekdays/xxx days per year. 
The system shall have planned downtime not exceeding <xx> hours in a rolling three-month period.
The system shall have unplanned downtime not exceeding a specified duration (to be determined) in a rolling three-month period.
The system shall experience no more than <x> unplanned outages in a rolling three-month period.
The System must provide adequate response times for commonly performed functions under both standard and peak conditions
The application must be able to link up with the INTERNAL system in order for users to properly log in and be identified.
The system shall be able to retrieve and display frequently accessed cases (within the last 2 months) within 5-8 seconds regardless of data volume.
The system shall be scalable and accommodate police stations of all sizes with varying caseloads.
The system shall be able to support a user interface in multiple languages.
The system will do periodic backups through a live internet connection.
The system shall validate credit cards against fraud.
The system shall detect consecutive failed login attempts
The system shall be protected by open source firewall called Firestarter.
The system shall perform searches via Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm.
The system shall utilize help bubbles to assist managers, customers, and administrators 
The system shall employ easy to locate buttons
The system shall be able to run in debug mode.
The system shall be able to process test credit card transactions.
The system shall be able to process test shipping orders.
The system shall be able to create a test environment for the web order system.
The system hardware shall be able to receive fixes and patches over an internet connection.
System shall allow authorized personnel within the same department to update the database directly, adhering to established access controls.
For interdepartmental requests, the system shall require approval from both a DA and faculty group member, unless submitted by a higher-level group.
The system shall be able to process inter-faculty transfer requests initiated by authorized users and approved by faculty groups or higher levels.
The system shall require university group approval for outgoing transfers.
The system shall be able to grant edit permissions for assets to departmental administrators, inventory users, faculty users, and university users based on their department affiliation and authorization level.
The system shall be able to modify all fields of an edited asset except for identifier (ID) fields.
The system shall be able to accept bulk entry files for data import.
The system shall be able to automatically assign ownership of any asset to the department if the asset is assigned to a DA group member or an authorized inventory group member.
The system shall be able to allow any faculty member to add inventory for all departments they have access to.
The system shall allow any authorized university group member to add assets to the inventory.
The system shall be able to perform bulk asset entry.
The system shall be able to handle requests for case information and actions from any authorized user.
The system shall be able to manage request workflows where requests require approval by authorized administrative users.
The user shall be able to perform returned asset inspection and update inventory records.
The system shall allow IT group members to create new spaces and modify the floor structure upon receiving an exception request from any administrative level.
The system shall allow administrators and authorized inventory group members to view and approve pending requests at their level.
The user shall be able to receive email notifications when their request is processed.
The system shall be able to add requests to a waiting queue for processing.
The system shall be able to update inventory automatically upon user receipt of a requested asset.
The user shall be able to authenticate using a username and password.
A user with administrative privileges shall be able to delegate some or all their authorized actions to another user, granting them the inventory administrator role.
The system shall be able to generate asset reports based on location.
The system shall be able to generate reports.
The user shall be able to learn and master the system within 2 to 4 hours.
The system shall be highly available during working hours with all maintenance and backup activities occurring outside of these times.
The system shall be a web application deployable on Microsoft or Unix platforms and accessible through browsers like IE, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, or Safari.
Users shall authenticate using a username and password.
Users shall be able to access functionalities based on their assigned roles.
System shall restrict local access and maintenance of database servers to authorized IT team members only.
The system shall enforce a time limit on queries to prevent them from exceeding one minute in execution time.
The system shall be able to perform periodic backups.
The system shall be designed to facilitate future evolution and maintenance operations.
Initialization Data
The THEMAS system shall use the information contained in the initialization data file to determine which heating and cooling units are part of the THEMAS system.
Each thermostat shall have a unique identifier by which that thermostat is identified in the THEMAS system.
Each quadrant of each floor shall have a thermostat which is to be used to provide temperature data to the THEMAS system.
There shall be a maximum number of heating or cooling u nits that can be on at any given time.
The system shall be able to use trigger values in combination with current temperature to determine heating or cooling activation.
The trigger values shall reside in an initialization file.
The over temperature values shall reside in an initialization file.
Upon initialization, the THEMAS system shall be able to automatically turn off all heating and cooling units.
The THEMAS system shall be able to determine the operational state of all heating and cooling units by issuing a power off command.
The THEMAS system shall be able to accept temperature readings from thermostats only within a predefined valid range.
The THEMAS system shall be able to identify when a reported temperature or a changed setting violates user-defined temperature limits.
The THEMAS system shall be able to monitor temperature by comparing reported values to settings and detecting any exceeding of specified limits.
The system shall be able to output the temperature status when the measured temperature (T) is within the acceptable range defined by the lower limit (LO) and upper limit (UO).
The system shall be able to activate the appropriate heating or cooling unit based on a predefined temperature differential between the current temperature and setting.
The THEMAS system shall be able to control all defined heating and cooling units.
The THEMAS system shall be able to generate and record an event when a heating or cooling request is denied.
The system shall be able to monitor thermostat and heating/cooling data to trigger specific events.
The system shall be able to translate user requests to turn on/off heating or cooling units into corresponding control commands.
Once a request to turn on or off a heating or cooling unit, the THEMAS system shall provide the necessary control signal for the unit. 
The system shall be able to interpret desired heating/cooling unit and its requested ON/OFF status.
When an event occurs, the THEMAS system shall identify the event type and format an appropriate event message.
The user shall be able to play or learn about Mahjong.
The system shall be usable by users with basic PC, Macintosh, or Unix operating system knowledge.
User shall be able to play multiplayer Mahjong without requiring advanced knowledge of TCP/IP networking.
User shall be able to play Mahjong with no prior knowledge of the rules.
The user shall be familiar with a Web Server environment.
The user shall be able to configure and operate a TCP/IP server.
The user shall be able to understand basic networking concepts and access the hostname and IP address of the server running the MultiMahjongServer program.
The system shall be able to display a dialogue box explaining the nature of the error for non-fatal errors.
The system shall be able to allow continued gameplay upon encountering a non-fatal error.
The system shall be able to ensure a response time of 1 minute or less for Commanding Officer (CO) actions in both single and multiplayer modes.
The system shall be able to support concurrent multiplayer Mahjong games for up to 10 tables with a maximum of 40 players.
The system shall be able to calculate possible Chow/Pung/Kong/Mahjong moves within 5 seconds of receiving the latest discard information.
The system shall be able to exchange data with the MultiMahjongServer without encryption as the data is considered non-sensitive and poses no risk to system integrity.
The MultiMahjongServer will have no graphical user interface and will be run using a command prompt.
The MultiMahjongClient will have a graphical user interface that the user will be able to interact with using a mouse and a keyboard. 
The MultiMahjongClient will have sound effects associated with the game actions.
The system shall be able to display its graphical user interface (GUI) within an 800 x 600 pixel resolution.
All graphics will be in 16 bit colour.
When a button becomes active, it will use animation to get the user's attention.
When a player performs a Chow/Pung/Kong/Mahjong, the tiles involved will be animated.
The user may click in the frame that contains the remaining wall and a frame showing the discarded tiles will be shown.
An administrators manual, explaining how to install and operate the MultiMahjongServer, will be provided.
A users manual, explaining how to install and operate the MultiMahjongClient, will be provided.
This documentation will be available in electronic files, and, with the exception of source code, in hard copy format.
The MultiMahjongServer shall act as a central relay for data between MultiMahjongClients.
The MultiMahjongServer shall automate game initialization functions including random tile order, seating positions, and storing game info.
The MultiMahjongClient must send this join information to the MultiMahjongServer
Users who create a new game will be able to change the ability level of any CO involved in the game. 
Users who create a new game will be able to choose to play different variations of Mahjong rules other than those described in Section 4.3.1.
The MultiMahjongClient must only allow players to make moves according to the Chinese rules of Mahjong as described in the rulebook, How to Play Mah Jong.
The MultiMahjongClient will inform the user whose turn it is to pick up a tile.
The MultiMahjongClient will inform the user of legal Chow/Pung/Kong/Mahjong options under Chinese rules and send chosen actions to the MultiMahjongServer.
User's will be able to pick up a tile from the wall if it is their turn. If they choose to pick up, the MultiMahjongClient must send this information to the MultiMahjongServer.
User's will be able to discard a tile if they have picked one up. When they choose to discard, the MultiMahjongClient must send this information to the MultiMahjongServer
The MultiMahjongClient shall inform the user if another player is fishing.
The MultiMahjongClient shall inform the user if another player goes Mahjong.
The MultiMahjongClient shall inform the user if the hand has ended in a draw.
The MultiMahjongClient will keep the user's tiles in order.
The MultiMahjongClient will play sound effects associated with certain game actions.
Users will be able to turn the sound on or off at any stage during the game.
Users will be able to view the High Scores list that is located on the MultiMahjongServer
Users will be able to Undo their last move if playing in single player mode.
The MultiMahjongClient will automate the picking up of a tile from the wall if the user has no other option.
Users will be able to Save their game if playing in single player mode.
User's will be able to chat with each other in real time.
User's will be able to change their icons/pictures and names during the game.
The game will end when all 4 rounds have been played or if the user chooses to end the game.
The user will be able to end the game at any stage of the game.
The MultiMahjongServer will inform all MultiMahjongClients connected to the game that the game has ended
If a user leaves the game prematurely, a new CO is created on another user's machine to fill their place. 
The CO must play moves according to the Chinese rules of Mahjong.
The CO will not have access to the data containing the faces of any tiles in the wall or any concealed tiles in any other players' hands.
The CO will be able to pick up tiles off the wall, discard tiles, reveal Kongs, and Chow/Pung/Kong/Mahjong.
The CO will have access to the number of tiles in the wall or in a player's hand.
The CO will be able to read any player's exposed or revealed hands.
The CO will be able to determine what tiles have not been played according to the tiles that have already been discarded, exposed or revealed.
The CO will be able to recognise "almost finished" sets of tiles (i.e. 2 tiles in a sequence is an almost finished Chow) and will not discard tiles in such sets. 
The CO will be able to play at 3 different ability levels: Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced.
The CO will be able to perform look ahead algorithms to determine its best move in the Intermediate and Advanced levels.
The CO will be able to perform calculations at any stage of the game.
The CO will be able to play any version of the rules that are specified by the user who creates the game.
There will be CO's of different playing styles that the user can choose from.
The TCS shall have the functionality to allow the operator to generate a UAV mission plan.
The TCS shall have the functionality to receive and process UAV mission plans from service specific mission planning systems.
The TCS shall have the functionality to transmit UAV mission plans to service specific mission planning systems.
The TCS shall facilitate automated processing of mission plan data received via C4I interfaces in order to extract the appropriate mission planning data.
The TCS shall have the functionality to receive and process UAV mission plans from other TCSs.
The TCS shall have the functionality to transmit UAV mission plans to other TCSs.
A Mission Plan shall include a Flight Route Plan for a selected AV, a Payload Plan for the selected payload, and a Communications Plan.
The TCS shall be capable of storing a minimum of 500 mission plans under unique names to allow for later retrieval.
The TCS mission planning function shall provide a graphical user interface that gives the operator the ability to define waypoints on a map based display using a pointing device with full keyset redundancy.
The TCS shall provide the capability to compute the range and bearing between two geographic positions on the map display.
The TCS shall have the capability to import as well as create and modify map display overlays for fire support coordination measures [SSS547], airspace control measures [SSS548], and threat identification measures. [SSS060]
The TCS shall allow the operator to enter as well as review mission plan parameters, including AV flight parameters, payload control parameters, data link control parameters, AV VCR control parameters (if applicable to the selected AV), and AV loiter patterns. [SSS068]
The TCS shall provide the system functionality necessary to upload a flight route plan and payload plan (if applicable) to the AV via the selected system data link as well as direct ground connection.
TCS shall provide the capability for the operator to retrieve a mission plan for viewing, modification, as well as deletion at the operator's discretion [SSS071], and allow the operator to save the mission plan under a different name, for future retrieval
The TCS shall notify the operator of all discrepancies found during the mission plan check as well as indicate successful completion of the mission plan check.
The TCS shall provide the capability to override validation faults after the fault is acknowledged by the operator.
The TCS shall allow the operator to set the LOL delay timer(s) during mission planning.
The Flight Route Plan, as a minimum, shall include AV flight path information, Loss of Link plan, AV VCR control tasking (if applicable to the selected AV), and data link control information.
The TCS shall allow the operator to define the desired AV route in waypoint format
The TCS shall provide the capability to enter waypoint data in alphanumeric format.
The TCS shall present to the operator the estimated time of arrival and fuel status at each programmed waypoint of the proposed mission plan.
At every waypoint and every 5 minutes, the TCS shall compute the AV's flight range based on remaining fuel.
The TCS shall provide the capability to modify the maximum number of threats displayed, when de-clutter is selected.
A de-clutter capability shall be provided that allows the operator to display only a selected number of the most significant threats.
The TCS shall provide the capability to display waypoint data in alphanumeric format.
The TCS shall have the capability to load a map onto the display, to zoom in and out, to scroll, to print, and to clear a map on the map display.
The TCS shall provide the operator with a clearly indicated map scale.
The TCS shall be able to generate payload planning information to be uplinked to the AV separate from a flight route plan
The TCS shall provide the system functionality necessary to generate a payload plan that, as a minimum, shall include the following information:
The TCS will have the capability to control and monitor an AV, payload, data link, and C4I interfaces during the execution of a mission.
While flying two MAE AVs Beyond Line Of Sight (BLOS), the TCS shall provide full control functionality of each AV. 
The TCS shall transmit command and control information to the AV via the uplink to the AV
The TCS shall be capable of being interoperable with Predator and Outrider UAVs across the 5 levels of UAV interaction.
The TCS shall have the capability to control and monitor multiple types of AVs.
TCS shall notify the operator when AV performance parameters are out of limits.
The TCS shall provide the capability to pass control of an AV to another TCS
The TCS shall provide the capability to control the AV flight commands as well as to release the AV to an autonomous flight control mode.
AV telemetry data shall be available to support other TCS functions as required.
The TCS shall provide the capability to control the flight of the selected AV in accordance with the specific AV's operational performance capabilities.
The TCS shall provide the capability to fully control and display the AV's Identification Friend or Foe (IFF).
The TCS shall provide the capability to enter AV preset limits which, as a minimum, will include airspeed limits, altitude limits, and fuel limits.
The TCS shall allow the operator to control an AV using the LOS as well as SATCOM data links.
The TCS shall provide the necessary system capabilities required for AV flight control BLOS via uplink command to two MAE air vehicles.
The TCS shall support operation of the AV via all flight modes, to include manual controls.
The TCS shall provide the capability to implement an emergency action plan, if supported by the AV, to control the AV during equipment failures.
The TCS shall provide interactive displays necessary to command the flight of an AV.
The TCS shall allow the operator to command the flight behavior characteristics inherent to the selected AV.
The operator shall have the capability to initiate as well as change, to include as a minimum manual override, flight behaviors by sending the proper control commands to the UAV.
The TCS shall have the capability to command the AV to use the navigation methods inherent to the selected AV.
The operator shall have the capability to initiate as well as change, to include as a minimum manual override, UAV navigation methods by sending the proper control commands to the UAV. 
The TCS shall provide the functionality to control, monitor, and display the operation of the Air Data Terminal (ADT).
The TCS shall provide the functionality to control the ADT antenna.
The TCS shall provide the functionality to control the power, transmitter signal strength, and frequencies used by ADT for data link communication.
As an objective, the TCS shall support an automatic launch and recovery system.
As and objective, the TCS shall be interoperable with the Integrity Beacon Landing System (IBLS)
TCS shall provide the capability to monitor specific telemetry elements real-time, and record all telemetry elements for future review and processing.
The TCS shall display the AV status, to include but not be limited to the AV location and flight and avionics system status.
When the data link is interrupted, the TCS shall present the last known AV status values and the time at which the last values were reported. 
The TCS shall be capable of displaying fuel parameters to the operator to include as a minimum, remaining fuel, flow rate, and bingo fuel.
The TCS shall compute the estimated position of the AV during Loss of Link (LOL) based upon the last known AV position and anticipated flight path based on current flight mode (e.g. flight route plan mode, emergency flight route plan mode, maintain current heading mode).
TCS shall display a LOL timer to the operator initiating a LOL onset.
The TCS shall be capable of being interoperable with the installed payloads across the 5 levels of UAV interaction.
The TCS will have the capability to control and monitor the AV payload(s).
The TCS shall have the capability to receive data from and control payloads on an AV that is being controlled from another TCS.
The TCS shall provide the necessary system capabilities required for payload control beyond line of sight via uplink command of two air vehicles of the same type using sequential communication techniques.
The TCS shall receive, process, and present payload data to the operator so that the status of the payload can be determined.
The TCS shall permit the operator to control the payload using all methods supported by the payload installed in the selected AV
The TCS shall provide a graphical user interface display for the purpose of controlling the payload
The TCS shall provide override of payload automated as well as preprogrammed inputs.
TCS shall provide the capability to monitor payload adherence to the uplinked mission plan.
The TCS shall display the current search footprint and the search history of the payload on the map.
The TCS shall have the capability to simultaneously control and monitor a line-of-sight as well as a BLOS data terminal.
The TCS shall be capable of interfacing with the specified data terminal and issuing data link terminal commands required to establish, control, and maintain the data link with a selected AV.
Data terminal control shall include, but is not limited to, antenna pointing control, transmitter control, and receiver control.
The TCS shall be capable of automatically selecting the proper mode of operation for the selected data terminal.
 As a minimum the TCS LOS data terminal control modes shall include acquisition, autotrack, search,manual point, omni directional, as well as directional modes of operation, if applicable to the selected data link.
The operator shall be able to manually override any automatic data terminal control mode selection if desired, except during Emission Control (EMCON) and Hazards ofelectromagnetic Radiation to Ordnance (HERO) conditions.
The TCS shall support a LOS data link and SATCOM data link capability
For shipboard operations, the TCS shall provide the capability to switch to a second LOS antenna, if a second antenna is available, when desired.
The TCS shall provide an interactive display for the purpose of controlling the data link terminal.
The TCS will interface with external systems to conduct mission coordination and operations.
The system shall remotely monitor the status and operational changes of wind power plant and network devices.
The system should be able to handle parameter changes in three ways: single parameter, subset of settings, and pre-defined parameter set switching.
The system shall manage the entire software lifecycle, including version control, download, activation, and retrieval.
The system shall deliver data from its originator to its destination with an acceptable residual error rate to ensure non-corruption of transferred data.
The system shall encrypt data items to prevent unauthorized access, tampering, and eavesdropping.
The system shall be able to retransmit, reconstruct, or reprocess data to ensure its reliability in case of loss or inaccessibility.
The APAF system shall process all ASPERA-3 science data into IDFS data sets. 
The APAF system shall process the engineering and ancillary information necessary for calibration and science validation into IDFS data sets.
The ASPERA-3 and MEX OA IDFS data sets shall be stored on a local SwRI archive
ASPERA-3 and MEX OA IDFS data and any APAF-generated intermediate files of ASPERA-3 and MEX OA cleaned-up telemetry shall be provided to all ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
IDFS data access software developed by SwRI shall be made available to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
Science analysis software developed by SwRI to analyze IDFS-formatted data shall be made available to the ASPERA-3 Co-Is.
The APAF system web server shall be password protected where appropriate to allow only pertinent ASPERA-3 team members access. 
There shall be a UNIX-based APAF system development computer. 
There shall be a UNIX-based APAF system production computer with an archival system. 
There shall be a web server for the APAF system
There shall be a network connection between SwRI and NISN. 
Science analysis software shall be integrated into the NASA approved data repository. 
Program will have a simple, graphically appealing interface designed for sixth graders.
Software will run on most computers since it only requires Macromedia Flash and HTML.
The system shall utilize a web browser compatible with the Flash plug-in (requirements in "Playback" section).
The system shall be able to present an introductory cinematic to establish the game's narrative and provide in-game tutorials to aid users in solving fraction problems.
The user shall be able to terminate the introductory movie and return to the main menu by clicking the mouse.
The system shall offer a menu with in-game help, a link to play the game, and a link to the Denominators' web page.
The user shall be able to initiate the game by clicking a button or learn more by following a link to the Denominators' web page.
The user shall be able to select a button to proceed either to the game sequence component or the Denominators' web page.
The system shall be able to generate a series of multiple-choice fraction questions that form a cohesive storyline to introduce a specific topic.
The user will respond to questions by clicking on the desired answer from a set of choices
The user shall be able to end the game or return to the main menu by clicking with the mouse.
The user shall be able to choose between returning to the main menu or exiting the game.
The user shall be able to see their overall score and a plot conclusion to their answers to key story questions.
The user shall input new data through pulldown menus and text fields, navigating between pages with separate questions by clicking a button.
The user will follow a number of links to World Wide Web documents.
The product will be as secure as the web browser that will run the product.
The product will be available over the Internet via the S2S website.
Reliability will be ensured by extensive testing by the team members and mentors, if available.
The system shall be maintainable through modular code structure, allowing for easy future modifications by separating functionalities into subscenes within the main Flash game.
The BE system shall be able to monitor and acknowledge receipt of all data received from the Monitor and Control System (M&C).
The BE system shall be able to detect and report interruptions of data delivery from the Correlator to M&C.
The BE system shall verify successful delivery of output to the e2e
The BE system shall be able to ensure the secure delivery of all internal messages.
The BE shall be able to handle lag sets up to a maximum size of 262,144 values
The BE system shall be able to receive data packets from the Correlator on the Backend network interface.
The BE shall verify the successful receipt of incoming data from the Correlator.
The BE shall store input data records in a memory buffer and track buffer locations of all input data until data processing is complete.
The BE shall respond to incoming correlator mode changes, user optional processing sequence and/or parameter changes, and other external inputs that affect the data processing pipeline.
The system shall be able to validate and monitor time series data for correct order, valid values, and out-of-tolerance conditions.
The BE shall replace all invalid data with zero values.
The BE shall be able to apply normalizations based on reported data invalid counts. 
The BE shall be able to apply corrections based on state count and/or quantizer power measurement data. 
The BE shall be able to make time stamp adjustments as required by the observational mode and correlator output parameters.
The BE shall be able to perform Fourier Transform the lag set time series. 
The BE shall be able to apply user selected frequency domain processes.
The BE shall combine the finished spectra with meta and auxiliary data to form suitably formatted output data sets.
The BE shall send output data to the e2e System.
The BE shall verify that all sent data was successfully received. Report all errors.
The system shall be able to monitor the overall data processing rate, compare it to tolerances, and report any deviations from those tolerances.
The BE shall trap, flag and repair infs, NaNs, underflows, overflows and other computation errors.
The BE shall periodically or upon request check PIDs and assure that all started tasks are alive and running.
The BE shall periodically or upon request check Backend physical processors and assure that all needed processors are alive and responding
The BE shall periodically or upon request check all Backend internal networks and assure that all communication connections are intact and functioning
The BE shall be able to initiate a processing task on any Backend processor. 
The BE shall be able to signal a kill for any Backend process. 
The BE shall be able to alter the priority of any of the BE tasks
The BE shall be able to initiate a reboot of any Backend a physical processor. 
The BE shall be able to initiate a reboot of any internal network.
The BE shall be able to redistribute internal workload among its processors. 
The system shall be able to fully reconstruct the raw, original input data from the processed output.
The system shall maintain a memory buffer to store lag frames and track the status of each record in the buffer.
The system shall utilize a memory buffer with backup disk storage to store all processed spectra.
The system shall manage names, positions in sequence, and adjustable parameters for all processing pipeline applications.
The system shall generate warning reports including warning number, source, rates (if applicable), and time stamp.
The system shall produce failure reports indicating internal system component failures, including error number and time stamp.
The system shall provide status reports on the functional state of internal system components such as processes, processors, and networks.
The Backend System shall ensure input data fidelity and dynamic range integrity across all processing, manipulation, and I/O functions.
The system shall be capable of flagging and marking corrupted data segments and proceeding without interruption or effect on other data. 
The BE System shall be capable of accepting an aggregate data input stream from the Correlator of a minimum of 1.6 Gbytes/sec.
The BE System shall be capable of delivering an output data stream to the e2e System of a minimum of 25 MBytes/sec
The total processor capability of the BE System shall be sufficient to accomplish all processing tasks while avoiding loss or delay on the input and output data streams.
The BE System shall have sufficient (amount TBD) memory with sufficient (rate TBD) access speeds to accomplish all processing tasks while avoiding loss or delay on the input and output data streams
All math/science application software shall take optimal advantage of all language, compiler, and system computational features and resources to reduce run times to the minimum practical level.
All management software functions shall take optimal advantage of all language, compiler and system features and resources to reduce overheads to the minimum practical level.
All input and output, and storage and retrieval operations shall take optimal advantage of all system resources to reduce overhead and latency to the minimal practical level. 
All data processing functions shall be chainable (outputs pipeable to inputs) and repeatable in the processing pipeline in cases where this makes computational sense. 
The system shall use industry-standard, commonly available, and widely used operating system, message passing middleware, and programming languages.
The system shall be able to self-monitor and automatically take actions to address various issues including hardware failures, software crashes, performance degradation, errors, and communication disruptions.
The software part of the system shall be able to perform without total system restart due to internal failure between array maintenance windows.
The hardware part of the system shall be able to perform indefinitely without complete loss of service, except in the event of total failure of primary and backup power. 
The system shall be capable of responding in a loss-less manner to I/O and processing changes arising from Correlator mode changes.
The system shall continue to operate in a loss-less manner in the event of a temporary (time duration TBD) loss of availability of the e2e System. 
The system shall be able to complete processing of all onboard data, deliver the results to the End-to-End System and maintain availability for immediate resumption of operations once Correlator access is restored.
All system processing and interconnect hardware shall be readily accessible for maintenance, repair, replacement and/or reconfiguration
All systems and application source code shall be available to or on the systems that execute it.
Software tools and pre-built applications that do not have source code available shall come with a complete diagnostic package and customer support. 
Operating system software shall either have source code available or come with sufficient diagnostics and customer support.
I/O, communications, and processing hardware shall be easily expandable, reconfigureable, augmentable and replaceable to meet increasing data transfer and processing demands imposed by EVLA science, Correlator changes, and availability of new hardware.
Above, shall be accomplished in manner that is transparent to processing, communications and I/O software functions with the possible exception of recompilation of executables. 
The system shall be able to operate seamlessly at its interfaces with hardware modules and software functionality.
The Backend system shall ultimately be scaleable to an extent that it will be capable of handling up to two Gbytes per second per Correlator output channel in real-time.
Each user shall have a set of system access properties that defines the user's privileges within the system. 
The administrator shall have the ability to create and add a new user to the system. 
The administrator shall have the ability to edit a user's system access properties.
The administrator shall have the ability to block all access to the system for all users or selectively by user. 
The system shall be able to handle non-real-time operations in a transparent fashion.
Modular design principles shall be employed to the maximum extent possible
Complete and comprehensible hardware systems  specifications and configuration information shall be readily available
Software system and application code shall be well documented and written in a generally familiar language or languages (preferably not more than two).
Wherever applicable, all computers and peripherals shall be powered though UPS type devices with sufficient capacity for the computers to safely coordinate a system wide shutdown of the correlator hardware in the event of a prolonged power outage
All computers within the CMCS system shall have the ability for authorized users to directly access individual systems for maintenance and monitoring through remote logins.
Each computer system in the CMCS shall have a hardware based watchdog timer configured to reboot the system in the case of a system hang.
The CMIB shall conform to both electrical and physical PC104+ standards
The CMIB shall be able to function as a real-time computer with at least 64MB of RAM, storage, various ports, and network connectivity.
The system shall support real-time correlator operations, hardware monitoring/control, and PLD/FPGA personality updates over the network.
The MCCC shall be a high availability type generalpurpose computer capable of supporting multiple Ethernet interfaces, COTS operating systems, and support server/host services for the CMIB operating system.
The MCCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally such that the system can boot and run in a stand-alone configuration.
The CPCC shall be able to function as a high availability computer for real-time correlator operations, hardware monitoring/control, and remote PLD/FPGA updates.
The CPCC shall have all required disk and file system facilities installed locally such that the system can boot and run in a stand-alone configuration. 
The CMCS processors shall be capable of responding to correlator hardware inputs (interrupts) in a deterministic fashion with sufficient performance to avoid data loss, corruption or overflows.
The system shall function as a high availability computer for real-time tasks including correlation, hardware management, and remote updates.
All system error and debug messages shall be categorized in a logical fashion such that message traffic can be filtered as to content, detail, and message rate.
All messages passed between CMCS system layers shall have both UTC and wall clock time stamp information appropriate for the message type.
Software shall be provided that allows an authorized user full access to all messaging, monitor, and control traffic throughout the CMCS.
The CMCS shall autonomously monitor and respond to hardware issues, software crashes, resource limitations, errors, and communication failures.
The software part of the system shall be able to perform without total system restart due to internal failure between system maintenance windows.
The system shall be able to continue processing of all correlator configuration/control events until the queues of parameters are exhausted and external communications are restored
The system shall be able to sit at idle and resume operations with minimal (amount TBD) delay.
All system processing and interconnect hardware shall be readily accessible for maintenance, repair, replacement and/or reconfiguration. 
All systems and application source code shall be available to or on the systems that execute it. 
All software modules shall be designed for easy debugging by allowing simulation of inputs and outputs.
All software processes shall be killable, restartable, debuggable and testable with minimal impact on normal system operations. 
Software tools and pre-built applications that do not have source code available shall come with a complete diagnostic package and customer support.
I/O, communications, and processing hardware shall be easily expandable, reconfigurable, augmentable and replaceable to meet increasing data traffic and processing demands imposed by EVLA science, Correlator changes, and availability of new hardware.
Transparency shall be accomplished in manner that is transparent to processing, communications and I/O software functions with the possible exception of recompilation of executables. 
Seamlessness shall be accomplished in a manner that is seamless, in that it does not affect hardware modules or software functionality that it meets at interfaces. 
Each user shall have a set of system access properties that defines the users privileges within the system. 
The administrator shall have the ability to create and add a new user to the system.
The administrator shall have the ability to edit a users system access properties.
The administrator shall have the ability to block all access to the system for all users or selectively by user. 
The system shall utilize a modular design with hot-swappable components for maximum repairability and uptime.
The system shall provide complete and understandable hardware specifications and configuration details.
Software Coding Practices software system and application code shall be well documented and written in a generally familiar language or languages.
The system shall allow agents to broadcast messages to all other agents on the same local network.
The system shall allow agents to multicast messages to all other agents subscribed to the same multicast address.
The system shall allow agents to send targeted messages (unicast) to specific agents within the organization.
The system shall allow agents to select between unicast, multicast, and broadcast communication.
The system shall support agent membership in multicast groups, allowing them to join and leave.
The system shall support secure communication through message encryption and decryption techniques.
The system shall allow agents to optionally encrypt messages.
The system shall use a best-effort multicast/broadcast approach, where delivery of packets to all specified agents is not guaranteed.
The system shall encrypt messages but cannot guarantee confidentiality due to potential decryption by unauthorized parties.
The system shall support multicast protocols for sending multicast messages, requiring compatible routers, network cards, and operating systems.
The system shall restrict broadcast message transmission to authorized administrators only.
The tool shall limit general users to a specific set of functionalities.
The automated diagnostic tool shall input sensed data in real time from data acquisition devices and the HVAC unit under diagnosis as well as from data files containing previously acquired data, though not simultaneously.
The tool shall input sensed data in real time from data acquisition devices and the HVAC unit under diagnosis. 
The tool shall permit sensed data to be input from an electronic file, though not simultaneously with sensed data from external acquisition hardware. 
The system shall qualify the certainty of each sensed data item during acquisition, flagging doubtful data due to errors or unexpected values.
The system shall identify potentially faulty sensor data based on a sensor-specific number of consecutive missed readings due to communication issues.
Sensed data used in or supporting diagnostic analyses shall be saved to permanent storage.
The occurrence of missing data shall be indicated in permanent storage by a unique and obvious place holder or indicator, e.g., a null value or sequence of characters that cannot be confused with nonmissing data.
Sensed data input to the tool shall be stored to permanent storage with a precision of three significant figures.
The administrator shall have the capability to modify the expected range of sensed data against which the data will be validated.
The tool shall associate with each continuous parameter one or more tolerances each corresponding to a different sensitivity level for the tool.
Any and all errors associated with obtaining, validating, converting, or storing the sensed data shall be logged as described in subsequent specifications and selected errors shall be reported to the user.
The automated diagnostic tool shall detect and identify certain performance and operational faults in chiller and cooling tower subsystems of HVAC units following specified algorithms. 
The tool shall be designed to permit the addition of diagnostic algorithms for other subsystems of HVAC units.
Any and all errors associated with failures of the diagnostic algorithms shall be logged as described in subsequent specifications and selected errors shall be reported to the user.
The tool shall monitor the unit under diagnosis, either in real time or batch mode, for an indefinite period of time or until input data are no longer available, and log diagnostic results as they are determined.
Diagnostic results that are saved to permanent storage shall be accompanied in storage by the absolute time of occurrence, the identity of the unit to which the diagnostic applies, and the identity of the diagnostic.
The administrator user shall have the capability to adjust the sensitivity of the diagnostic analysis in order to increase or decrease the probability of fault detection.
The automated diagnostic tool shall display and record diagnostic results. Diagnostic results to be displayed to the user will be done so in a simple, graphical and textual format.
The administrator shall have the ability to specify which diagnostic results will not be reported in any manner, i.e., not detected.
The system shall recognize user selection (by mouse) across the entire width of an item, including its diagnostic indicators, in main, systems, and condition windows.
The windows listing diagnostic results shall increase in height as needed to display entries up to a maximum of ten entries.
The building, subsystems, and condition windows shall display the current time if the diagnostic tool is operating in real time. 
If only a single building is defined, the subsystems window shall become the main window of the application and shall have all the functionality of the main window as described in these specifications.
Each window of the diagnostic tool shall display an animated graphical feature indicating the status, whether active or not, of the diagnostic processing.
The subsystem window shall be modal to the building window, the condition window modal to the subsystem window, and the diagnostic history and diagnostic information windows shall be modal to the condition window.
Significant errors in software operation shall be logged to permanent storage with sufficient detail to guide the administrator and to assist support staff in locating and rectifying the error.
Software errors logged to permanent storage shall include the absolute time of occurrence, the name of the software module in which the error occurred, the name of the software function in which the error occurred, and a description of the error.
The user interface shall consist of six windows: Main window, configuration window, subsystems window, condition window, diagnostic information window, and diagnostic history window.
The main window shall list buildings monitored and summarizing the current diagnostic status of all contained monitored units.
The main window shall have main menus entitled File and Status.
The File menu shall offer Configure Diagnostics, Logout, and Exit in that order.
The system shall offer a Status main menu with Start Diagnostics and Stop Diagnostics in that order.
The menu items named Configure Diagnostics and Exit in the main menu entitled File shall be enabled at all times
The system shall only enable the Logout menu item in the File menu if the current user is authenticated as the administrator.
The Start Diagnostics menu item in the Status menu shall be enabled only when diagnostics aren't running, otherwise, it shall be disabled.
The Stop Diagnostics menu item in the Status menu shall be enabled only when diagnostics are running and disabled otherwise.
Selecting Configure Diagnostics from the File menu shall open the configuration window modally, making it the active window in front of the main window.
The configuration window shall have a button labeled Save that when clicked will present the user with a window by which to enter a disk file or database name in which to save the modifiable data in the window.
The configuration window shall have a button labeled Close that will dismiss the configuration window and return the user to the main window.
The configuration window shall have a button labeled Recall that will permit the user to recall a disk file of previously saved parameters from which to populate the configuration window.
The subsystems window shall list subsystems monitored for a specific building and summarizing the current diagnostic status of all monitored subsystems.
The diagnostic information window shall have a button labeled Print that when clicked will display a window listing items to print including the diagnostic information window, the history window, and both the diagnostic and history windows.
The diagnostic information window shall have a button labeled Close that shall dismiss the window.
The diagnostic information window shall have a button labeled History that when clicked will display the diagnostic history window and display the previous weeks diagnostic results. 
The diagnostic history window shall display historical diagnostic results for a specific diagnostic.
The diagnostic history window shall provide user selections for start times and end times for the history interval. 
The diagnostic history window shall display data in intervals of one week or greater.
The diagnostic history window shall display a maximum time interval of two years.
The color map of the history window shall indicate confirmed faults with the color red,potential faults with the color yellow, normal conditions with the color green, and periods when diagnostic processing was not active with the color gray.
The vertical axis of the color map of the history window shall indicate hour of the day and the horizontal axis shall indicate the absolute date and the day of week.
The diagnostic history window shall have a button labeled Print that when clicked will display a window listing items to print including the diagnostic information window, the history window, and both the diagnostic and history windows.
The diagnostic history window shall have a button labeled Close that will dismiss the window.
The subsystems window, condition window, and diagnostic information window shall display a title that indicates its specific location or absolute path in the navigation hierarchy of windows
The main window, subsystems window, and condition window shall have three diagnostic indicators for each item listed.
An OK indicator, appearing green, shall signify the absence of any diagnostic conditions.
A yellow Caution indicator will be used to signify potential diagnostic issues.
A red Not OK indicator will be active to signify a confirmed diagnostic condition.
Only one indicator shall be active at a given time for a specific diagnostic and no indicators shall flash when active.
The diagnostic indicators on the main window and subsystems window shall summarize all diagnostic conditions associated with each entry in the window.
The tool shall keep a permanent record of any modifications made to fixed data.
The log shall indicate the time and date of the change, original value of the item(s) hanged, and the new value of the item(s)
The game shall only display the current block positions and not positions from canceled movements.
The system must allow a member of the network to send requests to a particular or all the other members about possible delivery of a driver's smart card to a similar person.
The system shall allow a member of the network to send a bulk request on all or a large part of its driver's smart card holders to a particular or all members of the network.
The system shall allow a member to do statistics on messages  issued and received from/to his system
The system shall provide automatic reply to the sender of the request through the use of a standard interface to the Members systems
The system shall track the workflow between senders and related  replies.
The system shall be able, in accordance with the rules on delays for each transaction, to automatically transmit alert messages to senders/replier/administrator when, f.i. a onstraint on delay for reply is not fulfilled.
The system shall allow the administrator to extract statistics of use, standard delay of reply by member/period, percentage of unsuccessful transaction.
The system shall provide the management of user rights and  permissions
The system shall be able to define and manage various type of messages already in the drivers smart card holder like predelivery check, stolen/lost cards, renewals, exchanges and duplicates
The system shall be able to include new members in the network through simple administrative tasks.
The system shall be highly automatic to relieve the users of as many repetitive and tedious tasks as possible.
The system shall allow a Member State to ask for the status of card (lost, stolen) to the corresponding Card Issuing Authority of the ember State having issued the card.
The system shall facilitate law enforcement inquiries about driver's license status with issuing authorities by driver information or card details.
The system shall guide users through an interface based on end user concepts.
The system shall be easy to learn and does not obstruct the thematic understanding of the users.
The system shall make it easy to correct mistakes.
The system shall function reliably, with few or no interruptions in its first operational year and fewer still thereafter.
The system shall give stable and reproducible results.
The system shall be able to establish and keep the dialog with the Members systems despite the various technical environments and technologies used on their sites
The system shall deliver rapid responses to user requests under 24/7 operation for both internal and enforcement authority use (acceptable response time < 1 minute).
The client will send a GET request to the Web API with the question as a URL parameter.
The client will specify the header Content-Type: application/json in their requests as convention.
An API query shall be a single URL parameter formulated as a single, clear question in standard English.
The client will be able to parse the JSON and determine if there was an error.
The server will send all API data in JSON response documents with the header Content-Type: application/json.
The server will respond with a 200 OK status code if a request has the header Content-Type: application/json and is a valid API query.
The server will respond with a 400 Bad Request status code if request does not specify the header Content-Type: application/json OR is a malformed API query.
This unit will receive a text string from the URL parameter.
This unit will output the sentence as a string,
The information extraction unit shall populate the database before system startup to ensure immediate data accessibility.
Text box will originally contain a suggestive text question, to guide the user to the format of an appropriate question.
The chat window will contain all questions and answers from the current session, with a scroll bar if all messages can't fit on the screen.
There will be a designated phone number that users can send texts to.
The overall accuracy of the Web API's response will be measured using a developer-made testing set.
The overall accuracy will be calculated by dividing the total number of correct answers by the number of questions asked.
Drexel staff's office locations, contact information, and positions will have accuracy greater than 70%.
On-campus dining locations, hours, food types, etc. will have accuracy greater than 50%.
Official events listed on Drexel website, location and hours will have accuracy greater than 40%.
The average time for the server to respond will be less than or equal to 2 seconds.
The display shall have two regions, left 2/3 of the display is graphical right 1/3 of the display is a data table
The data displayed in both the nodes of the graph and the rows of the table will be MSEL Summary data.
The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security.
The system shall ensure that projected Event/Activity data is readable by 90% of viewers on a 10x10 projection screen from a 30-foot viewing distance.
The system shall achieve 99% availability during the first six months of operation, excluding non-business hours.
The system shall present projected data on a 10x10 screen such that 90% of viewers at 100 feet can identify ongoing Events or Activities.
The product shall implement access control to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized users in all access attempts.
The system shall be intuitive enough for 90% of new users to start displaying Events or Activities within 90 minutes of initial use.
The user interface shall have standard menus buttons for navigation.
The system shall have a professional appearance.
The product shall produce search results in an acceptable time.
The search results shall be returned no later 30 seconds after the user has entered the search criteria.
The product shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days per year.
The system will achieve a future uptime of 99.9%, meaning it will be available for 999 out of every 1,000 access attempts.
The product shall be able to support multiple remote users.
The system shall scale to accommodate the existing 1,000 users and a projected 5x growth within the next year.
90% of untrained realtors shall be able to install the product on their device without printed instructions.
The system shall be compatible with Windows CE and Palm operating systems.
The system shall allow a real estate agent to query MLS information.
The user shall be able to get driving directions to a selected property.
The user shall be able to download appointments and contact information for clients.
The system shall display clear property images in the search results.
The system shall update or create new property listings in the MLS.
Realtor shall be able to generate a CMA report based on property criteria.
The system shall be able to call the seller or buyer to schedule an appointment.
The realtor shall be notified of new client appointments after automatic synchronization with office system.
The realtor shall be able to retrieve a map showing property locations for a specified area.
The system shall notify the realtor when a seller or buyer responds to an appointment request.
The system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours.
The system shall interface with CampusConnects central server.
The system shall be interoperable with any HTML browser.
Only authorized users shall have access to students personal information.
Dr Susan Poslusny and Dr Julie Donalek are the only people who shall have access to students personal information.
Dr Susan Poslusny and Karen Sysol are the only people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
The system shall protect private information in accordance with the organizations information policy.
The system shall use the organizations standard virus protection software to help monitor threats to itself.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a single student to a cohort.
Students added to a cohort shall be eligible for the cohorts Program of Study.
For each class within a sequence for a cohort Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to specify which quarter that class will be offered.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes to a sequence of classes.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add clinical classes or sections to a sequence of classes.
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes for the nursing department into the system.'
Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to specify which classes are required for a Program of Study.
The system shall be able to display a report of needed classes for a given quarter for all cohorts of all programs for Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members planning purposes.
The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual clinical sites which will include information on labs being held at that site for the given quarter.
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting cohorts including but not limited to changes to the sequence for a cohorts program of study and changes to a given weeks schedule.
The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting specific students including but not limited to changing a students status from full time to part time and moving a student to a different clinical section.
The system shall ensure that all screens created for the Disputes application adhere to the corporate interface creation standards.
The list of dispute cases after a search shall be able to be color-coded for easy status identification.
100% of the card member and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course.
100% of card member services representatives shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
The Disputes application shall be available 24x7x365 with the exception of the following scheduled maintenance windows. Monday  Saturday 3:00am to 4:00am EST Sunday 1:00amd to 5:00am EST.
To resolve disputes, the Disputes application will rely solely on transaction details retrieved from the Statement Database.
The Disputes application shall retrieve all cardmember details directly from the Cardmember Information Database.
Disputes applications shall retrieve all merchant details directly from the Merchant Information Database for a more streamlined process.
The Disputes application shall send all letter requests for dispute initiation and follow up to the Print Letter Utility via an interface with the Letters application.
The Disputes application shall integrate with the Cardmember Posting and Billing System to directly request account adjustments.
Users shall only be able to initiate dispute requests if they have Update access.
All authenticated authorized users shall be granted access to the Disputes System.
To ensure audit trails, the Disputes System shall generate reports detailing new user additions and access level changes.
All additions of new users and modifications to users access shall be recorded on the User Report.
A revoked user account shall only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator.
Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account.
User shall be able to manipulate and view business data within the Disputes application.
System shall ensure that all updates to data files or databases are initiated from the Disputes System.
User shall be able to access the Disputes System, which must conform to legal requirements specified by the Merchant Operating Regulations.
System shall ensure that all business rules specified in the Disputes System comply with Merchant Operating Regulations.
User shall be able to access the Disputes System, which must also conform to legal requirements specified by Regulation E and Regulation Z governing credit card disputes processing.
System shall ensure that all business rules specified in the Disputes System comply with the guidelines of Regulation E and Regulation Z.
User shall have access to a detailed history of every action taken on a dispute case, ensuring a complete audit trail.
System shall record all actions that modify an existing dispute case in the case history.
User shall be able to access the Disputes System, which must be accessible to both internal and external users.
System shall prevent users from accessing dispute cases that do not belong to their cardholder base.
User shall be able to initiate a dispute case and perform follow-up actions in real-time via the Disputes System.
System shall provide different levels of access for dispute case initiation and follow-up actions.
User shall have view access capability for authorized users within the Disputes System.
User shall have update access capability for authorized users within the Disputes System.
User shall be able to select disputable transactions and initiate disputes on them based on the age of the transaction.
System shall allow the user to initiate a single dispute case on multiple transactions belonging to a single merchant.
User shall have the ability to create or initiate ticket retrieval requests within the Disputes System.
System shall prompt the user to enter all required information for creating a ticket retrieval request.
System shall prevent external users from requesting original receipts, restricting this action to internal users.
System shall provide a confirmation to the user upon the creation of a ticket retrieval request, including the dispute case number, type of retrieval requested, and due date for the merchant response.
The Disputes System shall allow users to create chargeback requests, prompting for required information and resulting in printed notifications sent to merchants if proof of disputed transactions is not provided.
The Disputes System must provide confirmation upon chargeback request creation, containing dispute case number, type of chargeback requested, and merchant response due date.
The Disputes System shall prevent creation of duplicate dispute requests.
The Disputes System shall accurately provide a list of possible reason codes for transactions based on transaction type and merchant industry.
The Disputes System must provide viewing capability for existing dispute cases.
The Disputes System must provide Search functionality allowing search by dispute case number, merchant account number, cardmember account number, and issuer number, with filtering options by date range, dispute type, case status, and reason code.
A list of disputes meeting search criteria must be provided, differentiating by color-coded status.
The Disputes System shall provide users with the ability to view the history of all activities on dispute cases.
The Dispute System shall enable users to follow up on dispute cases, filtering follow-up actions by case status and user access level.
The Disputes System shall record user names and dates for all case-related activities, maintaining detailed audit history.
For any systematic action, such as disputes aging process, a case activity will be generated, and the user who initiated the dispute case must be notified upon next logon.
All letter requests must adhere to formatting guidelines specified by the Print Letter Utility system.
Any disputes cases closed for over 6 months must be purged from the online disputes database.
The product shall interface with the Choice Parts System, providing the feed of recycled parts data.
The product shall run on existing hardware for all environments.
The product shall adhere to corporate Architecture guidelines.
The product shall comply with corporate User Interface Guidelines.
The product shall comply with corporate color scheme.
Professional appearance of the product is required.
The product must be user-friendly, with 95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators finding it easy to use.
The product should enhance the productivity of Collision Estimators, with 80% agreeing their productivity has increased within one month.
User satisfaction with the product is targeted at 85%.
The product must be easily learnable within two days of onsite training for Adjusters and Collision Estimators.
User help resources should be accessible within 90% of the system.
The search for recycled parts must be completed within 15 seconds.
The search for the preferred repair facility should be completed within 8 seconds.
The recycled parts audit report must be returned within 10 seconds.
Preferred repair facility ratings should be saved within 5 seconds.
The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be 50,000.
The product shall be able to handle 10,000 concurrent users within 2 years of the initial launch.
For estimators, the product shall be able to be operated in a repair facility during dirty and noisy conditions.
Only adjusters can request recycled parts audit reports.
Only adjusters with a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings.
One insurance company shall not be able to view another insurance company's claim data.
The product shall be free of computer viruses.
The system shall prevent malicious attacks, including denial of service.
The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle location and radius in miles.
The vehicle data shall include vehicle year, make, and model.
The vehicle location shall include street address, city, state, and zipcode.
The system shall resolve the zipcode for the street address, city, and state if zipcode is unknown.
The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles.
The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria.
The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facility on the estimate assignment.
The estimator shall search by zipcode with a radius of 30 miles if no parts are found for the preferred parts suppliers.
The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate.
The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the individual line items.
The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report.
The ratings shall be from a scale of 1-10.
The ratings shall include categories for attempted use of recycled parts and actual use of recycled parts.
The products Look and Feel shall be able to incorporate aspects of the customers organization such as logo branding and identity.
An employee will be able to successfully use the product within a few minutes.
The response shall be fast enough to avoid interrupting the users flow of thought. 90% of tasks shall complete within 5 seconds. 98% of tasks shall complete within 8 seconds.
Aside from server failure the software product shall achieve 99.99% up time.
The product shall be capable of handling up to 1000 concurrent requests.
The concurrency capacity must be able to handle peak scheduling times such as early morning and late afternoon hours.
The product shall be able to process 10,000 transactions per hour within two years of its launch.
When creating a new session, the session creator shall assign one or more moderators.
When creating a new session, the session creator shall assign the session a name.
When creating a new session, the session creator shall create a problem description.
When creating a new session, the session creator shall be able to set an open and close time and date.
When creating a new session, the session creator shall be able to toggle whether the session is secure or not.
A moderator shall be able to edit a previously created session.
The session shall conclude after the specified amount of time has passed.
The session shall conclude if a specified amount of ideas has been generated.
The moderator shall be able to close a session at any time.
The moderator shall be able to open a closed session.
A moderator shall be able to assign the maximum number of participants to a session.
All sessions shall be able to have multiple moderators.
Session creators and moderators shall be able to import data from previously closed sessions into a currently open session.
All sessions shall be associated with a single EDGE project.
The moderator shall be able to specify a time warning until the current phase is completed.
The moderator shall be able to view a session management screen.
The users shall be able to add/edit/remove their own ideas.
The system shall inform the user if they have reached their limit of created nodes.
A Moderator shall be able to limit the number of nodes that an individual user can create.
A Moderator shall be able to limit the maximum number of nodes that can be created in a session.
All user created nodes shall be filtered for profanity and removed if any exists.
A Moderator shall be able to specify a warning for total ideas remaining.
A Moderator shall be able to specify a warning for total time remaining.
Users shall be verified upon logging in LDAP.
Users shall be able to select a session based on the FACET and the tool they wish to use.
The moderator shall be able to set a warning time to email users how many minutes are left in the current session.
The screen shall allow the moderator to filter/sort/view/edit/close sessions.
Secure sessions will require users to have been guest members before logging in.
A moderator shall be able to enter in teasers.
Teasers shall be tracked in the database the same as ideas are tracked. 
Each idea shall be listed on its own line in a numbered list in the idea phase.
By default, the page shall not auto scroll when new ideas are added into the list.
There shall be a setting to allow new ideas to be added to the top of the list.
Only a moderator shall be able to group ideas and specify a name for the group.
Users shall be able to flag inappropriate content.
Flagged ideas shall go to a separate moderator page for resolution.
The moderator shall be able to remove/edit any ideas during the idea and grouping phases.
Voters shall not be aware of multiplicity in ideas.
The moderator shall be able to view all grouped ideas, including duplicates.
The idea field shall be limited to a maximum of 250 characters to match the current EDGE system limitation.
Moderators shall be able to combine groups with other groups.
Moderators shall be able to remove groups.
A Moderator shall be able to assign a number of votes for participants.
Users shall be able to vote for any individual idea or an idea group.
The displayed number of total ideas shall be updated frequently.
The Moderator shall know who has not finished casting their votes.
The Moderator shall be able to send an email to warn users that the session is about to close.
The Disputes System shall preserve user phases even when moderators revert to a previous phase.
All Users will be able to view the next product by swiping left to right.
All users shall be able to navigate to the Catalogue using the sub navigation icons.
The ride coordination system shall prioritize a user-friendly, secure, and reliable experience.
The carpool system shall allow users to define their availability and automatically assign them as drivers based on pre-determined criteria.
The system shall integrate with Google Maps to provide location and travel time details.
The application shall maintain a list of classes for the user.
Users shall be able to add a class to a list of classes in which they are enrolled.
Users shall be able to remove classes from the list of classes in which they are enrolled.
Users shall be able to completely reset their lists of classes and assignments.
Users shall be able to authenticate to the application using their Radford University username and password.
The application shall be able to automatically download the class schedule of authenticated users.
The user shall be able to view their list of classes.
The app shall maintain a list of assignments associated with each class in the list of classes.
Users shall be able to add an assignment to a list of assignments.
Users shall be able to edit assignments in their list of assignments.
Users shall be able to remove an assignment from their list of assignments.
Users shall be able to clear all assignments for a particular class.
The user shall be able to set the name of an assignment.
The user shall be able to set the description of an assignment.
The user shall be able to set the due date of an assignment.
The user shall be able to set the class which an assignment belongs to.
The user shall be able to set notification parameters for an assignment.
The user shall be able to view their list of assignments ordered by due date.
The user shall be able to view their list of assignments grouped by class.
The user shall be able to view the detailed attributes of a single assignment.
The application shall be able to notify the user when an assignment is close to its due date.
A server shall host the Foodie App and provide system data processing and storage capability.
A surface app page shall provide a customer with all customer system functionality.
An app shall provide a User/Restaurant with all user/restaurant system functionality (according to access control).
A display shall provide a Delivery Boy with all Delivery boy system functionality.
A app shall be capable of interfacing with a register to facilitate the accurate processing of a payment.
When in billing mode, app shall display a representation of a cash payment for the items ordered.
When in billing mode, app shall display a representation of a bankcard payment for each customer.
Customer shall able to order item from wallet amount
Customer shall able to cancel order and if cancelled money will be transferred to wallet to order food for next time(If Card Payment)
Customer shall able to receive delivery boy details once order picked up
Customer shall able to track the delivery boy details
Customer shall able to give rating for restaurant and delivery boy
Customer shall able to favourite the restaurant
The customer shall receive notifications upon both order acceptance and order delivery.
Customer shall be able to use offers available for the restaurants they have selected.
Delivery boy shall be able to start the shift.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive incoming request from restaurant.
Delivery boy shall be able to acknowledge for the request.
Delivery boy shall be able to acknowledge for request within 3 sec of time.
Delivery boy shall be able to toggle Online/Offline/Break option.
Delivery boy shall be able to reach the restaurant and check with order details.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive customer details from restaurant.
Delivery boy shall be able to pick up and deliver order to customer.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive rating from customers.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive notification for restaurant details, payment details of customer.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive payment if order is done with cash.
Admin shall be able to Manage users.
Admin shall be able to Manage providers.
Admin shall be able to Mange accounts.
Admin shall be able to CRUD items for restaurant.
Admin shall be able to manage restaurant details
Admin shall be able to manage restaurant rate and reviews.
Admin shall be able to manage Delivery boy details.
Admin shall be able to display top rated restaurant.
Admin shall be able to display offers for specific restaurant.
Admin shall be able to contact between Delivery boy and restaurant to replace or cancel order if items are not available.
Admin shall be able to add promo code/offers. 
Dispute panel shall be able to reassign order in the case, if delivery boy dint acknowledge the request.
Dispute panel shall manage, if customer needs replacement of order or cancel order in case of order not available.
The system shall log every state and state change of action, tablet and display to provision recovery from system failure.
The system shall utilise periodic 120-second keep-alive messages between mobile and the server to monitor app operational status.
The system shall be able to use the app in different platforms like different versions of OS mobiles.
The system shall be able to do authentication process for login and payment through bankcard.
The user shall be able to do payment with secured bank payment mode which is given by user for login.
The system shall be able to do encryption and decryption of data for password which is given by user for login.
Any element of the system will take no longer than 10-seconds to restart.
Admin must not dismiss an engaged menu unless the customer requests it.
The server shall be capable of supporting no less than 200 concurrent connections from any combination of computers, tablets and displays.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active orders, that is, no orders shall be lost under any circumstances.
User shall be able to store a limited number of snaps using Memories.
User shall be able to capture photos or videos, apply various effects, and share the resulting snap.
User shall be able to add other Snapchatters as friends using multiple methods, with a friend request sent upon acceptance.
User shall be able to create and customize a personal emoji avatar through Bitmoji integration.
User shall be able to view and share friends' stories and global content, with options to take screenshots or report inappropriate content.
User shall be able to apply lenses and filters to snaps before or after capture using AI technology.
User shall be able to use Shazam to identify music by sensing audio and comparing it with a database.
User shall be able to view real-time location maps with friends' Bitmoji representations, accessible by swiping down on the camera screen.
User shall be able to send various forms of messages, including text, media, and calls, with recent conversations displayed.
User shall be able to maintain and view streaks by exchanging snaps with friends, indicated by a fire emoji and number.
User shall be able to accumulate a Snapchat score based on usage, displayed below the user's selfie.
User shall be able to generate and share a snapcode to share their profile.
User shall be able to store snaps, stories, and camera roll in a cloud-based platform accessible by swiping up from the camera screen.
User shall be able to protect selected snaps with a passcode, accessible through Memories, with options to change or forget the passcode.
User shall be able to search for other users, location-based stories, events, and more, with matched results displayed.
User shall be able to access support guidelines and contact options through the Snapchat support webpage.
User shall be able to add, modify, or remove user data, with changes reflected successfully.
User shall be able to sign up and validate credentials, leading to access to the Snap camera screen.
User shall be able to create and participate in group chats, with options for various forms of communication and information exchange.
User shall be able to track the status of sent snaps, displaying "delivered" or "received" as appropriate.
User shall be able to register for the application using a valid phone number, with a prompt upon installing the app.
Application shall detect contacts from the user's phone book and automatically add WhatsApp contacts to the user's contact list.
User shall be able to send instant messages to any contact on their WhatsApp list, with delivery notifications displayed.
User shall be able to create groups of contacts and broadcast messages to these groups.
User shall be able to send audio, video, and image attachments, with supported formats and a maximum file size of 2MB per message.
User shall be able to track message status to determine if messages have been read by the recipient, indicated by tick marks.
WhatsApp shall distinguish between Wi-Fi and mobile data networks for media download operations.
User shall be able to connect to both Wi-Fi and mobile networks for seamless connectivity.
User shall be able to exchange data efficiently over the network.
User shall have the option to input using either touch screen or keypad methods.
User shall operate efficiently with a minimum processor speed of 500MHz.
User shall have access to continuous power to ensure uninterrupted operation.
User shall be able to utilize the device's camera, gallery, and microphone functionalities.
User shall perform adequately under adverse conditions such as slow internet and low battery.
User shall ensure uninterrupted connections and maintain a high data transfer rate.
User shall benefit from 256-Bit SSL encryption for secure data transmission in WhatsApp.
User shall have access to the WhatsApp internal server, which must be available 24/7.
User shall enjoy maximal security measures implemented in the application to prevent unauthorized access.
Only maintainers shall be granted access to internal servers for maintenance purposes.
User shall post intelligence items with required spatial index and optional meta-data.
User shall filter and retrieve intelligence items based on various criteria.
User shall link intelligence items, such as public transport messages, to crowd-sourced messages.
City endpoint client shall pull and push data between endpoints and cache.
City endpoint client shall query, filter, and transform data sources.
City endpoint client shall push comments to endpoints.
Cache shall store relevant intelligence items, expiring after 12 hours or longer if liked by a traveler.
User database shall persist membership, trajectories, and karma.
Social travel application shall allow users to select, define, record, or import routes.
Social travel application shall pull intelligence from the cache based on the current route and timespan.
Social travel application shall filter intelligence client-side without additional requests.
Social travel application shall enable social actions on intelligence and export to external social networks.
Social travel application shall send intelligence to the cache with location, timestamp, and metadata.
The system shall be designed to handle a load of 20,000 queries per day, particularly during peak traffic hours.
Security and privacy in the mobility domain shall be prioritized by the system, ensuring transparency and trust.
The system shall implement anonymization and aggregation techniques to securely share route information.
Encryption shall be employed by the system for all privacy-sensitive data stored on the server.
The system shall disclose security policies and practices to build user trust.
The system shall allow the use of unverified (anonymous) avatars or aliases.
End-users shall be provided with control over their private data, including deletion options, by the system.
The system shall ensure multi-lingual support, with English, Turkish, Finnish, and Italian as supported languages due to replication partnerships.
User can create profiles with health worker information, attaching usernames for identification, and supporting multiple users on a single device.
User can register working locations of healthcare workers for use in health survey forms.
System downloads disease data offline to minimize typing in surveys.
System conducts health surveys to identify disease outbreaks, storing data offline if connectivity fails.
System supports offline surveys for uninterrupted data collection.
User shall access the main menu on the home screen, which includes options like "Care Give Support", "Track your Child", and "Hospital Information".
User shall input information about their child's routine care, including weight, feedings, and oxygen saturation, on the "Track Your Child" page.
User shall be able to view the application logo and affiliate logos upon startup.
User shall have access to LLU phone numbers, emails, local resources, personal contacts, and healthcare providers on the Contacts page.
User shall find hospital information, including email and website links, cafeteria hours, daily menu, area map, and shower availability, on the Hospital Information page.
User shall toggle between English and Spanish languages using a switch located in the top right corner of every screen for enhanced accessibility.
User shall navigate back to the previous screen using the back button located in the top left corner of every screen except the Homepage.
System shall generate alert messages for upcoming or overdue vaccination dates.
User shall upload images of prescriptions for illness records.
User shall add vaccination records for each child.
System shall provide pop-up messages prompting profile updates for children.
The system shall allow new patients to register by providing necessary personal and contact information.
The system shall validate and verify the registration details to ensure accuracy and prevent duplicate entries.
Registered patients shall be able to log in to the portal using their credentials.
Patients shall have the ability to update and manage their profile information, including personal details, medical history, and insurance information.
Patients shall be able to request appointments with healthcare providers based on their availability.
The system shall provide a calendar view of available appointment slots for each healthcare provider.
Healthcare providers shall have the ability to accept, reschedule, or cancel appointments.
Patients shall receive confirmation and reminder notifications for their scheduled appointments.
The system shall securely store and manage patient electronic health records, including medical history, diagnoses, treatments, and lab results.
Authorized healthcare providers shall have access to view and update patient EHRs.
The system shall support the integration of external systems for importing and exporting EHR data.
Healthcare providers shall have the ability to create and send electronic prescriptions to pharmacies.
The system shall maintain a record of prescribed medications and dosages for each patient.
Patients shall be able to view and request prescription refills through the portal.
Patients and healthcare providers shall be able to communicate securely through the portal.
The system shall support real-time messaging and notifications for instant communication.
Attachments and images shall be allowed in messages, subject to file size restrictions.
Patients shall have the option to make payments for services provided through the portal.
The system shall securely process online payments using standard payment gateways.
Healthcare providers shall have access to billing and payment history for each patient.
The portal shall provide a repository of informative articles, FAQs, and health tips for patients.
The content shall be categorized and easily searchable.
Patients shall have the ability to bookmark and save their favorite resources for future reference.
The system shall generate analytics and reports for healthcare providers, including patient demographics, appointment statistics, and EHR insights.
The reports shall be accessible through a user-friendly interface and exportable in common formats.
The healthcare portal shall be accessible and optimized for mobile devices, ensuring a seamless user experience across different screen sizes and orientations.
The user interface shall be responsive, adapting to various devices and browsers.
The healthcare portal shall employ industry-standard encryption and security measures to protect patient data from unauthorized access.
User authentication shall be implemented using strong password policies and, optionally, additional authentication factors.
Access controls shall be enforced to ensure that only authorized users can view and modify patient data.
The system shall be capable of handling a large number of simultaneous users without significant performance degradation.
Response times for critical operations, such as appointment scheduling and EHR access, shall meet acceptable benchmarks.
The healthcare portal shall have high availability, with minimal downtime for scheduled maintenance and updates.
The system shall include backup and disaster recovery mechanisms to safeguard against data loss.
The user interface shall be intuitive, user-friendly, and accessible to users with varying levels of technical expertise.
Clear instructions and tooltips shall be provided where necessary to guide users through different features and processes.
User shall store the starting, closing, intraday high, and intraday low of a stock in the database.
User shall save the dividend released by each company for client information.
User shall display a tabular representation of the current stock value, highest and lowest values recorded, and the P/E ratio.
User shall plot a graphical representation of time versus stock value using closing rates.
System shall validate Client ID format as AADDMMYYYY99 and reject other formats immediately.
User shall dissolve details from both tables into a single form or make them accessible from one form.
System shall validate Client ID format as AADDMMYYYY99 before proceeding.
System shall use the current stock value in calculations.
User shall calculate transaction amount by multiplying shares by current stock rate.
User shall determine brokerage by multiplying transaction amount by brokerage percentage.
User shall provide an option to set and update brokerage percentage.
User shall validate Client name to include only alphabets and spaces, rejecting inputs with numbers or other ASCII characters.
User shall establish Address of Communication using four lines, each 25 characters long, for house name/number, street name/place, and state.
User shall validate PAN card number format as AAAA9999A, with first five characters as letters, followed by four digits, and ending with a letter.
User shall specify bank details for issuing cheques obtained from selling stocks.
User shall utilize Client ID and Demat account number for quick data retrieval.
System shall lock databases to protect sensitive client information from intrusion and unauthorized modifications.
Administrator shall have exclusive editing access to databases.
Authorization login shall be required when the software starts.
Access to client details shall require Client ID for data protection.
System shall ensure that transactions reflect accurately in databases without any data loss.
There shall be no data loss or loss of data integrity during share buying or selling transactions.
Stock Master shall be reusable and extendable to other exchanges or stock types.
Testing of Stock Master shall include traversing all forms, stress testing, and Authorization tests.
System shall offer a registration form for users.
Users shall input a unique username.
Users shall provide a valid email address.
Users shall set a secure password complying with password constraints.
Upon submission, the system shall validate and check for duplicate or invalid entries.
System shall present users with a clear login interface requiring username/email and password inputs.
The login interface shall include a "Forgot Password?" link.
System shall cross-verify entered credentials with the stored user database.
Upon successful login, the system shall create a secure session for the user.
Users shall remain authenticated until they choose to log out.
After registration, users shall be directed to a profile customization page.
Users shall input their date of birth, address, and phone number.
System shall provide the option to link social media accounts for easier sharing and connectivity.
Users shall add specific stocks to their portfolio.
Users shall view a list of their stocks, including current price, change percentage, and total value.
Users shall update the number of shares for each stock in their portfolio.
Users shall remove stocks from their portfolio.
System shall present users with updated stock prices, percentage changes, and volume for the current day.
Users shall view trending and new stocks on a weekly basis.
Users shall be displayed prominent stock market indices like the S&P500 and NASDAQ.
Users shall search for specific stocks using stock symbols or company names.
Users shall purchase stocks, specifying the number of shares and order type (e.g., market order, limit order).
Users shall sell their stocks for successful trade.
System shall provide real-time price updates.
Users shall view a detailed log of all their past trades, including date, price, and quantity.
Filtering options by date, instrument, or trade type shall be available.
Users shall specify a timeframe (e.g., one day, one week, one month) for forecasts.
System shall display a prediction graph based on the user-selected timeframe.
Past data up to the present date shall be available for context.
The system shall highlight and provide a numerical value for the predicted price of the next trading day.
Stockify shall achieve a two-second response time for user requests under normal load conditions.
The system shall support concurrent user access without experiencing performance degradation.
User data, especially sensitive financial details, shall be encrypted both in transit and at rest.
Security audits shall be conducted quarterly to identify potential vulnerabilities.
The system shall implement comprehensive security measures to safeguard users from harm.
Stockify shall seamlessly integrate with various external news sources, stock exchanges, and other financial APIs.
The system shall react to user input for routine activities in two seconds or less.
The system shall maintain reaction times of less than 5 seconds even under heavy loads.
User data will be encrypted using industry-standard encryption algorithms, including payment information and personal data.
Only authorized workers will be able to access the administrative panel.
The system will offer defense against widespread online vulnerabilities like cross-site scripting (XSS) and SQL injection.
User experience (UX) design best practices will be adhered to by the user interface.
User shall be able to change perspective and orientation through a touch scroll bar, serving as the central mechanic of the game.
User shall be able to perform sudden movements upward from solid ground, as a necessary movement mechanic.
System shall identify areas triggering the restart of the level, whether encompassing stage boundaries or spike-like traps.
Upon starting up the application, the first viewable screen shall contain buttons for play game options.
In-game option to halt gameplay shall be provided, allowing access to fields displayed on the title screen.
User shall be able to connect via IP address.
User shall be able to start a game once two users are connected.
User shall be given the choice of playing single or multiplayer.
Each user shall select different modes and maps.
A stable internet connection shall be required for the player.
A player will be able to quit the game at any time.
Quitting will end the game immediately.
In games, players shall be able to peek, fire, view maps, use vehicles, revive others, and use emotes for conversation.
User shall be able to render the scene at a minimum of 30 frames per second.
User shall be able to complete matchmaking in less than 3 minutes.
User shall be able to load the game within 1 minute on subsequent visits, benefiting from cache optimization.
System shall be able to ensure that the time elapsed between a player making a move and other players updating the game state is under 5 seconds.
System shall be able to provide a visual response to user input within 100 milliseconds.
User shall find the Gambler Agent application's client side very easy to use and enjoyable, with a simple interface allowing newcomers to quickly start playing.
System shall ensure reliability by storing user accounts in the database, preventing users from suffering from errors and maintaining consistent data.
System shall ensure availability by implementing precautions against server failures, such as checkpoints and regular backups, to maintain a stable state for users.
System shall guarantee security by not sharing or selling any personal information to third-party companies.
System shall ensure maintainability by designing a flexible structure that allows for easy integration of new functionalities.
System shall ensure portability by enabling access to the Gambler Agent application from any platform, as it is an online game application.
User shall initiate the play function by selecting the play icon, transitioning the menu screen to the play game screen.
System shall match the player with another player upon selection of the play icon.
Upon finding a matched user, the ingame screen shall prompt the matched user's name.
Once the prompt disappears, the game shall start in the ingame screen with a two-dimensional environment where all objects rest on the ground.
Characters in the ingame screen shall be able to move in up, down, right, and left directions.
User shall be able to drag the chosen object and rotate the chosen mirror in the ingame screen.
Only enlightened places shall be visible in the ingame screen.
Movement shall be facilitated by touching the respective buttons (up, down, left, right) for character movement, with interruptions if there is no light at the destination or if the movement path is blocked.
Objects shall be chosen by touching them once in the ingame screen, with the selected object brightened and distinct from others.
Each object shall have its own allowed operations, such as rotating mirrors or firing the torch.
The torch will be able to be fired up by touching it, and objects will be able to be dropped by leaving them at their initial place.
Upon touching the how to play button on the menu screen, the how to play screen shall be displayed, and users shall be able to see screenshots of tutorial screens by sliding the windows.
The game shall be closed upon user interaction with the exit icon or the phone's back buttons.
Choosing the option button from the menu screen shall display the options screen, where users can adjust game music and sounds using horizontal sliders, and change their nicknames from the textbox.
In the ingame screen, users can choose emote buttons by touching them, and upon selection, the chosen emote shall be displayed to the other user.
User shall be able to pause the game by touching the pause button, which shall immediately display the pause screen, and the game shall be continued when any player touches the resume button in the pause screen.
User shall be informed about system failures through error messages displayed on the main screen.
System shall ensure availability 24/7, informing users and preventing them from continuing in case of unexpected failures.
Security concerns are mitigated as Light My Way doesn't create user profiles or access credentials.
Documentation for all system modules shall be provided for maintainability.
Requirement and change management shall be utilized during the development phase.
Light My Way shall exclusively run on Android OS without cross-platform compatibility.
User shall easily navigate the system with a simple web page design, ensuring accessibility for all users.
System shall facilitate quick access to desired content, enabling users to find what they are looking for effortlessly.
System shall execute recipe searches and recommendations swiftly to enhance performance and user experience.
System shall prioritize speed in performing actions such as searching for recipes and providing recommendations.
System shall implement robust security measures to protect users' personal information, ensuring user data confidentiality and integrity.
User shall easily find what they are looking for on the website, with a simple web design ensuring ease of use.
All functions, particularly complex ones, shall undergo thorough testing to ensure usability.
The system's response time to users and various time measurements, such as refresh time, shall be optimized for efficiency.
Users' personal information shall be securely stored and kept confidential within the system.
User shall be able to input a correct last watched title string and validate its presence.
User shall be able to retrieve the correct genre from their title or from a list of genres.
User shall be able to process data, reloading if necessary, and accurately handle attributes for recommendations.
User shall be able to receive predictions as top 5 recommendations relevant to their data.
User shall be able to maintain data by implementing the latest model and performing regular updates for new titles.
System shall be able to provide general recommendations based on recent trends through administrative functions.
User shall be able to input correct last watched title string with validation for its presence.
System shall be able to retrieve the correct genre from the user's title or from a list of genres.
User shall be able to process data, with reloading if necessary, and accurately handle attributes for recommendations.
System shall be able to make predictions as top 5 recommendations relevant to the user's data.
User shall be able to maintain data by implementing the latest model and regular updates for new titles.
System shall be able to provide general recommendations based on recent trends.
Performance of making recommendations and updating them in real-time is crucial, requiring seamless processing to ensure users do not notice data processing.
System shall update recommendations at the end of listening to a track or after purchasing a track, aiming for real-time functionality.
The database must be securely accessed and its data integrity maintained, especially considering the presence of personal user information.
System shall ensure that database data remains intact and is only modified through authorized updates.
The product shall encompass a broad scope, providing music streaming and downloadable web applications accessible to users of all ages.
Users from every age group shall find the music streaming and downloading web application easy to navigate and use.
The system, designed as a web service, shall ensure portability to facilitate integration across various platforms within enterprise applications.
User shall be able to register or sign up, providing necessary information.
The system shall require users to enter correct credentials for authentication.
System shall display input fields for email and password.
Upon successful login, the system shall redirect the user to the main screen.
The user shall be able to browse different categories of content.
System shall display the categories available to the user.
The system shall allow users to select a specific category to view its contents.
Upon selecting a category, the system shall show the corresponding content.
User shall have the option to rate or review content.
System shall allow users to rate content on a scale of 1 to 8 and provide reviews.
Content ratings and reviews shall be visible to other users.
Users shall be able to access ratings and reviews for each piece of content.
The system shall accurately display the average rating for each content item.
System shall provide options to search, filter, and sort content.
User shall be able to search for specific content using keywords.
System shall allow users to filter content based on various criteria.
User shall have the option to sort content by relevance, rating, or date.
The system shall display search results, filtered content, and sorted content accordingly.
User shall be able to log in to Ola Cabs by entering their email address and password.
System shall check if the entered account exists in the database.
If the account does not exist, the system shall prompt the user to sign up.
User shall be authorized to log in if the entered credentials are valid.
System shall verify the entered ID and password against the database.
Access shall be granted if the credentials are valid; otherwise, access shall be denied.
User shall be able to cancel a ride by tapping on the cancel button.
System shall verify if the ride has not yet been confirmed before allowing cancellation.
The system shall allow user registration and login, enabling them to provide personal information for associating with requests.
Upon user login, the system will display personalized information and automatically add certain details to booking requests.
The application and its options will be in US English and Unicode format for globalization support.
The booking process will be intuitive, with information completion in stages.
Both employees and clients will be able to update personal details anytime, with clients also able to update booking details.
An email confirmation with original and new details will be dispatched upon confirmation of updates.
Booking will be locked for editing only when an employee is assigned to serve the client.
The administrator will be able to select and update the weekly roster based on employee availability.
The administrator will be able to print reports annually, weekly, and daily based on selected time frames.
The administrator will be able to check feedback posted by clients and send newsletters regarding promotions.
The administrator will be able to manage user portfolio, providing access to new users and deleting inactive employees.
The administrator will be able to view system statistics and generate reports based on selected criteria.
User shall be able to perform the weekly roster of employees.
System shall be able to print reports annually, weekly, and daily based on selected time frames.
User shall be able to check feedbacks.
System shall be able to send newsletters regarding promotions.
User shall be able to manage the user portfolio, providing access to new users and deleting inactive employees.
System shall be able to change the super password.
Employees shall be able to log into the system.
System shall be able to check their rosters.
Employees shall be able to maintain daily logs.
System shall be able to enable employees to select their availability.
Employees shall be able to check online bookings.
Clients shall be able to make a booking through the system.
System shall be able to provide the status of their booking.
Clients shall be able to calculate fare.
System shall be able to allow clients to view driver history.
Clients shall be able to change their password.
System shall be able to provide a reset option for forgotten passwords.
The system shall authenticate users based on username and password.
The system shall track user activity sessions.
The system shall record client booking requests.
The system shall check vehicle availability for booking.
The system shall maintain a history of course bookings.
The system shall record and analyze feedback received from clients.
Temporary passwords shall be emailed to users if they forget their password.
Newsletters shall be sent to clients' email addresses.
Clients shall be notified via email when their booking is confirmed.
User shall be able to register by providing username, surname, password, and email.
System shall allow user registration without any preconditions.
User shall be redirected to the main page upon successful registration.
If any required field in the registration form is not properly filled, the system shall display a warning message.
If all required fields are properly filled, the user shall be redirected to the main page.
User shall be able to log in by entering username and password.
System shall allow user login without any preconditions.
If the user forgets their account information, they shall be able to retrieve it via the "forgot your password?" panel.
If the user enters incorrect username or password, the system shall display a warning message.
If the user enters correct username and password, they shall be redirected to the relevant page of the system.
User shall be able to log out by pressing the log out button.
System shall not mandate logging out.
Upon logging out, the system shall load the main page.
User shall be able to add transportation routes from the map.
System shall require user to sign in before adding transportation routes.
After adding a transportation route, the user shall be able to retrieve transportation requests from other users.
User shall be able to delete transportation routes.
User shall only delete routes that they have added.
User shall be able to request transportation routes.
User shall be able to search for transportation routes.
User shall be able to send messages through the system.
User shall be able to reply to incoming messages through the system.
User shall be able to block other users through the system.
User shall be able to rate drivers through the system.
User shall be able to change the language of the system.
The system shall allow users to change the language without any preconditions.
User shall experience page loading times of less than 1 second with an 8Mbits internet connection speed.
System shall handle over one thousand simultaneous user requests.
System shall store user information for more than one hundred thousand users.
User passwords shall be encrypted in the database management system (DBMS) for security.
System shall implement a CAPTCHA module to prevent spam robots.
In the event of a system crash, it shall return to operation within one hour for maintainability.
The system shall be compatible with all major web browsers (Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, etc.) and operating systems (Windows, Linux, Mac Mavericks, etc.).
The server shall host the Swiggy Clone App, providing system data processing and storage capability.
A surface app page shall offer customers all system functionality.
The app shall provide users/restaurants with their respective functionalities based on access control.
A display shall offer delivery boys all system functionality.
The app shall interface with a register for accurate payment processing.
Customers shall log in or skip registration to access the menu dashboard.
Customers shall view nearby restaurants within a specified distance.
Customers shall choose their favorite restaurant or the restaurant they wish to order from.
Customers shall view menus, categories, and subcategories.
Customers shall order food and add items to their cart.
Customers shall remove items from their cart.
Customers shall navigate menus and add items to their cart.
Customers shall finalize payment by cash using the bill mode.
Customers shall cancel the billing process by card using the bill mode.
Customers shall cancel orders.
During billing mode, the app shall represent cash payment for items ordered.
During billing mode, the app shall represent bank card payment for each customer.
Customers shall be able to order items using their wallet balance.
Customers shall receive order details once the order is picked up.
Customers shall be able to track delivery boy details.
Customers shall be able to rate restaurants and delivery boys.
Customers shall be able to favorite restaurants.
Customers shall receive notifications for accepted orders, order pickup, and delivery.
Customers shall use offers for participating restaurants.
Restaurants shall be able to CRUD items from the menu.
Restaurants shall be able to receive orders from customers.
Restaurants shall be able to view orders placed by customers.
Restaurants shall accept or cancel orders based on availability.
Restaurants shall assign delivery boys to deliver orders.
Restaurants shall receive acknowledgment from delivery boys.
Restaurants shall be able to view payments.
Restaurants shall receive notifications once orders are delivered.
Restaurants shall offer discounts.
Delivery boys shall start their shifts.
Delivery boys shall receive incoming requests from restaurants.
Delivery boys shall acknowledge requests within 3 seconds.
Delivery boys shall toggle between Online/Offline/Break options.
Delivery boys shall reach restaurants and check order details.
Delivery boys shall receive customer details from restaurants.
Delivery boys shall pick up and deliver orders to customers.
Delivery boys shall receive ratings from customers.
Delivery boys shall receive notifications for restaurant and customer payment details.
Delivery boys shall receive cash payments upon order completion.
Admins shall manage users, providers, and accounts.
Admins shall be able to CRUD items for restaurants.
Admins shall manage restaurant details, ratings, and reviews.
Admins shall manage delivery boy details.
Admins shall display top-rated restaurants and offers.
Admins shall facilitate communication between delivery boys and restaurants for order replacements or cancellations.
Admins shall add promo codes/offers.
The dispute panel shall reassign orders if delivery boys fail to acknowledge requests.
The dispute panel shall manage customer requests for order replacements or cancellations if items are not available.
The system shall log every state and state change of action, tablet, and display to provision recovery from system failure.
The system shall be capable of restoring itself to its previous state in the event of failure (e.g., a system crash or power loss).
The system shall utilize periodic 120-second keep-alive messages between mobile and the server to monitor app operational status.
The system shall be able to use the app on different platforms like different versions of OS/Mobiles.
The system shall perform an authentication process for login and payment through a bank card.
The user shall be able to make payments with secured bank payment mode.
The system shall perform encryption and decryption of data for passwords provided by users for login.
Any element of the system will take no longer than 10 seconds to restart.
Admins shall not dismiss an engaged menu unless the customer requests it.
The server shall be capable of supporting no fewer than 200 concurrent connections from any combination of computers, tablets, and displays.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active orders, meaning no orders shall be lost under any circumstances.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active customer payments, meaning no payments shall be lost under any circumstances.
User shall be able to log in with a valid login ID and password.
System shall inform the user of failed login attempts due to incorrect credentials.
User shall be able to access the main form after successful login.
User shall be able to input and store personal details of students.
System shall generate a unique Student ID for each student.
User shall be able to enroll a student's biometric data using fingerprint scanning.
User shall be able to update student details.
User shall be able to reset student details, clearing all stored information.
User shall be able to delete student records.
System shall display attendance reports for individual students in each subject.
System shall provide attendance reports for all students in a class.
System shall generate attendance reports for specific courses.
User shall input eligibility criteria status.
System shall display reports indicating whether students meet the specified eligibility criteria for exams.
User shall/will be able to operate the system with a Dual Core or above processor.
System shall be able to function with a minimum of 512MB RAM.
System shall require a minimum of 80GB hard disk space.
System shall support a monitor with a minimum size of 14 inches and VGA resolution.
User shall/will be able to interact with the system using a standard keyboard and mouse.
User shall/will be able to operate the system on Windows XP, Windows 7, or above operating systems.
System shall integrate with Netbeans IDE 7.2.1 for Java development and MySQL Query Browser for database management.
System front end shall be developed using Java.
System back end shall utilize MySQL.
System shall interact with SQL Server for server functionalities.
System development shall utilize JDK-6.
System shall be compatible with Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari browsers.
User shall/will be able to interact with the system using standard input/output devices including keyboard, monitor, printer, and scanner.
User shall/will be presented with a login screen featuring fields for username, password, and role selection (Administrator, Student, Teacher).
System shall operate on any Windows-based operating system.
System shall utilize Microsoft SQL Server 2008 as the database management system.
System shall connect to power through an electrical outlet.
System shall support network connections via Ethernet port and serial port jack.
System shall enable connection of USB peripheral devices through USB slots.
User shall/will be able to perform online balance checks.
System shall be able to provide functionality for online balance checks.
User shall/will be able to access online shopping opportunities.
System shall be able to enable access to online shopping opportunities.
User shall/will be able to perform online data entry (staff only).
System shall be able to allow staff to perform online data entry.
User shall/will be able to update data.
System shall be able to facilitate data updating.
User shall/will be able to transfer balances.
System shall be able to process balance transfers.
User shall/will be able to request check book allotment.
System shall be able to manage check book allotment requests.
User shall/will be able to access the system with a Dual Core or above processor.
User shall/will be able to utilize the system with a minimum requirement of 80GB hard disk space.
System shall be able to support a monitor with a minimum size of 14 inches and VGA resolution.
System shall be able to provide compatibility with Windows XP, Windows 7, or above operating systems.
User shall/will be able to integrate with Netbeans IDE 7.2.1 for Java development and MySQL Query Browser for database management.
System shall be able to develop the front end using Java and utilize MySQL for the back end.
System shall be able to connect to power through an electrical outlet and support network connections via Ethernet port and serial port jack.
User shall/will be able to register and create accounts in the BMS.
System shall be able to allow new users to register and create accounts.
User shall/will be able to login using username and password.
System shall be able to provide login functionality using username and password.
User shall/will be able to have different levels of access and privileges based on their roles.
System shall be able to assign different levels of access and privileges to users based on their roles.
User shall/will be able to open various types of accounts like savings, fixed deposit, etc.
System shall be able to allow customers to open different types of accounts.
User shall/will be able to view their transaction history and available balance.
System shall be able to provide access to transaction history and available balance for account holders.
User shall/will be able to transfer funds between their own accounts or to others accounts.
System shall be able to facilitate fund transfers between accounts.
User shall/will be able to apply for loans and view their loan status.
System shall be able to allow customers to apply for loans and check their application status.
User shall/will be able to access customer support through the system, including email or chat.
System shall be able to provide channels for users to contact customer support, including email or chat.
User shall/will be able to generate and download account statements.
System shall be able to generate and provide downloadable account statements.
User shall/will be able to pay bills online, such as utility bills, credit card bills, and loan payments.
System shall be able to securely process online bill payments for various utilities and loans.
User shall/will be able to access the system via web browsers and mobile applications.
System shall be able to provide access to the system through web browsers and mobile applications.
User shall/will be able to receive automatic alerts for unusual or suspicious account activities.
System shall be able to detect and alert users to unusual or suspicious account activities automatically.
User shall/will be able to ensure acceptable response times even during peak times.
System shall be able to ensure a large number of concurrent users and transactions during peak times.
Response times shall remain within acceptable limits even during periods of heavy usage.
The system shall ensure scalability to accommodate an increasing number of users, accounts, and transactions.
System shall allow for the addition of new servers or resources as the system grows.
The system shall ensure a high level of availability, with minimal downtime for maintenance or upgrades.
System shall have a mechanism to ensure uninterrupted service in case of hardware or software failures.
The system shall ensure robust data backup and recovery strategies to prevent data loss in case of system failures.
Regular backups shall be performed and tested for reliability.
A disaster recovery plan shall be in place to restore service quickly in the event of a catastrophic failure.
The system shall adhere to relevant banking and financial industry regulations, including Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) requirements.
System shall comply with data protection and privacy laws, such as GDPR or HIPAA, as applicable.
The user interface shall be intuitive and user-friendly, catering to users of varying technical abilities.
The system shall be accessible to individuals with disabilities and comply with accessibility standards (e.g., WCAG).
The system shall be subject to load testing to ensure it can handle expected levels of usage.
Continuous performance monitoring shall be in place to detect and address performance bottlenecks.
User shall be able to navigate the web, load pages, and interact with content.
User shall be able to save and organize favorite websites using bookmarks.
User shall have access to a log of previously visited websites.
User shall be able to open and manage multiple tabs within a single window.
User shall have customization options including homepage selection and privacy settings.
System shall meet performance expectations in terms of page load times and responsiveness.
System shall implement security measures such as encryption protocols, sandboxing, and protection against malware.
System shall maintain uptime as per defined expectations and handle errors effectively.
System shall ensure usability through intuitive navigation and accessibility features.
User shall be able to accommodate a high number of books and users without any faults.
System shall ensure that responses to view information appear on the screen within 5 seconds.
System shall not cause harm to human users during its use.
System shall use a secured database for data storage.
Normal users will have read-only access to information except for their personal and some other specified information.
System shall enforce access constraints for different types of users.
LMS product shall handle both expected and unexpected errors to prevent loss of information and minimize downtime.
The LMS shall store all information about librarians and patrons, including their access keys and priority.
The LMS shall allow searching for items by author, title, or keywords.
The LMS shall support 500 patrons and handle 1000 requests per minute simultaneously.
The LMS shall enable librarians to add, delete, and modify items in the database and check their availability.
The LMS shall generate daily reports for librarians based on requests, aiding in decision-making regarding item acquisition or retirement.
The LMS shall automatically create notifications and send them to patrons via email when items are overdue.
The LMS shall provide the capability to search, request, and renew items either through the LMS application on library computers or via the College website from outside the library, utilizing the Internet.
The LMS shall grant access to both the previous Access-based database and online databases.
User shall be able to login to the system as an authorized administrator using a username and password.
System shall allow the administrator to register members by manually inputting their information into the system.
System shall provide an Inbox feature for administrators to view all requests made by active members.
Administrator shall be able to view pending requests, approve or reject them, and send notifications to requesters upon approval.
If a request is approved, the status will be marked as "Borrow" with an end date.
Administrator shall be able to check the status of all books, including whether they have been issued or reserved, and view their details.
System shall provide a search facility for administrators to search for books based on title, subject, author, or publisher.
Administrator shall be able to add new books to the library based on user requests, inputting all relevant details.
Administrator shall have the capability to remove any book from the library.
User shall be able to login to the system as an authorized user using a username and password.
Users of the system include four categories: Student (Transaction and view), Faculty (Transaction and view), Author (view), Publisher (view).
System shall provide a search engine allowing users to search for books by book name, subject, author, and publisher.
User shall be able to view the list of book details, including Book Id, Book Name, Author, Status (Reserved / Borrowed / Cancelled/ Available), Due date, Reservation date, Borrowed User (if status is "Borrowed").
The user shall make a request to reserve a book, which shall then be sent to the administrator for approval.
System shall provide an interface for users to request non-availability of a book, which the administrator can accept or reject.
The reservation system shall allow users to reserve books even if they are currently borrowed by other members.
User shall be able to cancel a reservation.
System shall send a notification via email after registering a book.
System shall track due dates and send reminders at regular intervals, with a static value of 4 days set in the system.
User shall be able to view the status of books based on predefined statuses such as Pending, Approved, Rejected/Canceled, Borrowed, Available, and Not Available.
System shall maintain the book status as Pending when a member requests a book.
System shall update the book status to Approved when the administrator approves the member request.
System shall maintain the book status as Rejected/Canceled if the administrator rejects the requested book.
System shall update the book status to Borrowed when the book is borrowed by another member, and the administrator changes the status from Approved.
System shall set the book status to Available if the book is not currently borrowed, allowing members to reserve it.
System shall mark the book status as Not Available when the book stock is unavailable.
System shall enable users to search for books based on name, subject, status, author, and publisher.
System shall provide a book listing with all necessary columns and transaction details for both users and administrators.
User shall have access to the system at all times, ensuring 24/7 availability.
System shall secure all information in the library database and transactions, providing authentication for all users and restricting access to authenticated users only.
System shall design components with simplicity to avoid complexity, thereby enhancing overall performance.
User shall be able to record exercises, repetitions, and the followed diet within the application.
System shall suggest videos, diets, and schedule them on the calendar for the user.
The application shall track the running activity of the user and convert it into calories burnt.
The application shall score the user globally to provide motivation.
The application shall operate in offline or low data mode.
User shall experience quick and seamless authentication processes facilitated by the application.
System shall allow users to reset their passwords through a user-friendly and secure method. It should include verifying identity through security questions or sending verification codes to the registered email or phone number.
System shall ensure the security of user accounts, employing measures such as encryption, password complexity requirements, and protection against brute-force attacks.
Users shall not encounter any interruptions or issues when resetting a password.
Systems shall display password fields such that characters entered by the user are not visible.
The system shall provide uninterrupted functionality both with and without an internet connection. In offline mode, users should still be able to access certain features. In online mode, the system should operate smoothly.
System shall maintain consistent functionality across different devices and platforms.
The system shall secure itself by limiting access to authorized users and requiring password protection.
The system shall provide clear instructions and intuitive navigation for ease of use by all users.
User shall have access to a database in a workable state.
System shall provide secure passwords to each user or client.
The system shall be designed to be user-friendly, particularly for novice users.
There shall be proper interconnectivity between files to facilitate communication.
Different commands for different functions shall be implemented to ensure reliability.
User shall access the intra mailing system concurrently with multiple users.
System shall support multiple users simultaneously in the intra mailing system.
User shall not be able to view other users' details for privacy and security reasons.
System shall restrict users from viewing other users' details to ensure privacy and security.
User shall utilize the application across various sectors where file transfer is essential.
System shall provide versatility and adaptability to be used in different sectors where file transfer is crucial.
User shall authenticate themselves to access functionalities permitted to them.
System shall implement authentication checks to prevent unauthorized access to functionalities.
User shall experience portability between Microsoft Windows and Linux platforms for both intranet and internet versions of the system.
System shall ensure portability between Microsoft Windows and Linux platforms for both intranet and internet versions of the system.
User shall easily maintain the system due to its modular design, especially concerning frequent changes in database contents.
System shall facilitate easy maintenance of the system with its modular design, especially regarding changes in database contents.
User shall have confidence in the system's performance as it supports multiple users simultaneously.
System shall support multiple users simultaneously, ensuring high performance of the system.
User shall have access to various editing features including video collages, themes, music bank, and sound effects in the VivaVideo app.
System shall provide professional video and photo editing tools within the VivaVideo app.
User shall be able to create slideshows with additional text art, animated texts, and Photoshop features.
System shall offer video editing tools such as trim, cut, crop, merge, copy/duplicate, collage, and looping video clips on the storyboard.
User shall have access to video editing effects including background blur, video speed adjustment, fade in and out, animated texts and fonts, GIFs, Giphy video stickers, and a music editor.
System shall include a fast/slow motion editor for users to choose the best video speed.
User shall have access to a secure and reliable video/photo editor app, VivaVideo, for creating personalized videos and photos.
System shall ensure user data and personal information are securely managed and protected within the VivaVideo app.
User shall enjoy a versatile editing experience with various editing features including video collages, themes, music bank, and sound effects.
System shall restrict access to sensitive features and functionalities to authorized users only, ensuring privacy and data security.
User shall create slideshows with additional text art, animated texts, and Photoshop features.
System shall provide a seamless experience for merging clips, cutting, cropping, and looping video clips on the storyboard.
User shall apply video editing effects such as background blur, video speed adjustment, fade in and out, and animated texts and fonts.
System shall offer a fast/slow motion editor for users to choose the best video speed.
User shall access different modes for adding filters and effects to scenes and images, enhancing versatility and customization options.
System shall comply with relevant privacy regulations and standards to safeguard user privacy and data security.
User shall utilize the screen recorder function with a facial tracker to capture live movements.
System shall enable users to export their stories to their gallery and share them directly to social media platforms with ease.
User shall experience seamless access to advanced editing features like video collages, themes, and music bank, enhancing their creativity within the VivaVideo app.
System shall ensure a user-friendly interface for effortless creation of slideshows with customizable elements such as text art and animated texts in VivaVideo.
User shall be able to update their information.
User shall have the ability to change their password.
User shall be able to sign up as a student, admin, or company.
User shall be able to log in as a student, admin, or company.
Students shall be able to apply for jobs.
Companies shall be able to post jobs and add job details.
Students shall have the ability to view the status of their job applications.
Users shall be able to search for jobs.
Admin shall be able to manage students.
Admin shall be able to manage companies.
Users shall be able to view student applications.
The admin-side business logic shall be completely separate from the student interface to ensure optimal performance.
The system shall be optimized for high performance by clearly separating the business logic from the UI.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate numerous concurrent users.
The student registration process shall complete in 10 seconds or less, company registration and job posting shall each take no more than 15 seconds, and student applications for jobs shall be processed within 20 seconds.
The system shall maintain availability 24/7.
Errors will be minimized, and users will be provided with appropriate error messages to guide them through the issue.
Users' inputs shall be validated to ensure data integrity and system security.
The error recovery time shall be less than 10 seconds.
The system shall ensure a high level of security and integrity for the data it holds.
Authorized personnel only, such as admins, shall access private data, and users shall only view their user page with valid credentials.
The system shall have high availability. 
The system shall have a simple yet high-quality user interface.
The system shall have descriptive and easily understandable error messages.
Error messages shall be descriptive and easily understandable.
The system shall only be available for the specified college.
Users shall access the system using a securely managed login/user-ID and password.
Each student shall only be recruited by one company.
Once a company selects a candidate, they shall not be allowed to reject them; otherwise, the company will be blacklisted.
Each student shall have only one account.
User shall be able to maintain different types of specialties.
User shall be able to add a new (unique) specialty.
User shall be able to view and update the details of an existing specialty.
User shall be able to delete a specialty, provided no doctors are attached to it.
User shall be able to maintain doctors and associate them with specialties.
User shall be able to add a new (unique) doctor with details such as name, age, sex, qualification, experience, and specialty.
User shall be able to view and update the details of an existing doctor, with the specialty remaining unchanged.
User shall be able to delete a doctor, only if no new patient consultation requests are pending.
User shall be able to maintain chemists and labs details.
User shall be able to add a new chemist or lab, with only one lab allowed per pincode.
User shall be able to view and update the details of an existing chemist/lab, with pincode remaining unchanged.
User shall be able to delete a chemist/lab, only if no new prescription is pending.
User shall be able to maintain a master list of symptoms for patient consultation requests.
User shall be able to add a new symptom.
User shall be able to view and update the details of an existing symptom.
User shall be able to delete a symptom, only if no consultation request has ever used it.
User shall be able to create a patient profile.
User shall be able to view and update the details of an existing patient profile, with only the latest details maintained by the system.
User shall be able to delete a patient profile, provided no consultation requests have been made in the last 3 years.
Registered patients shall have the ability to raise consultation requests, with options for appointment and offline consultation.
User shall be able to create a consultation request by entering symptoms, uploading reports, and defining the request mode (offline/appointment).
For appointment requests, an entry shall be created in the patient appointment file if the appointment is for the next day.
A batch program shall run nightly to create an appointment file for the next 5 days and purge existing files.
A batch program shall periodically predict diseases based on consultation requests using a machine learning algorithm and prioritize the requests.
Doctors shall see prioritized consultation requests, provide diagnosis, prescribe medicines, and suggest lab requests.
Chemists shall be able to view open prescriptions assigned to them based on pincode and update the status, with medicines delivered offline to patients.
Lab in-charge shall be able to view open lab requests, update the status, and perform actual sample collection and lab tests offline, with reports submitted to patients offline.
Patients shall have the facility to view and print prescriptions and invoices, with admins having the option to print and email prescriptions and invoices.
Quarterly, patient profiles without consultation requests for the last 3 years and consultation requests more than 3 years old shall be archived to improve performance.
Every night, a full backup of the system (database and code) shall be taken and sent to a remote site for safekeeping, with backups rotated every 30 days.
Administration shall improve the disease prediction database monthly based on the learning from the prior month.
The system shall have a login functionality for doctors, patients, chemists, and labs, with default passwords set up by the admin, and users can change passwords and log in using their own credentials.
User shall/will be able to access the system using specified pincodes (zones).
User shall/will access the system using a login/user-id and password managed securely.
User shall/will be able to register themselves by filling out a patient profile, generating a unique ID.
User shall/will be able to request one or more consultation requests linked back to a specialty.
User shall/will be able to view and print prescriptions and invoices.
User shall/will be able to view reports such as doctor-wise appointment files and revenue earned per month/quarter/year.
User shall/will have access to a simple and intuitive user interface designed for ease of use, especially for elderly patients.
System shall be able to scale to 10,000+ users (patients) concurrently.
System shall be able to respond to critical processes within defined time limits, including patient registration, consultation requests, and prescription lookup.
System shall ensure high availability with 99.999% uptime and regular backups with a cycle of 30 days.
System shall securely manage user login credentials and patient data confidentiality.
System shall comply with healthcare regulations as defined by the Government of India.
System shall support emerging needs based on data analysis.
System shall back up data every night and restore backups daily to ensure completeness and correctness.
System shall maintain data securely in a fireproof cabinet 25 km away from the hospital.
System shall ensure that each specialty has one or more associated doctors.
System shall ensure that each doctor is mapped to one and only one specialty.
System shall ensure that each patient consultation request generates one prescription, mapped to one and only one consultation request.
System shall ensure that prescriptions are mapped to one and only one chemist or lab based on the patient's pincode.
User shall be able to record sales transactions, including customer information, medicine name, quantity sold, and unit price.
User shall be able to use a barcode scanner or manual entry for sales processes.
User shall be able to track and analyze sales performance, including total sales, top-selling medicines, and sales trends.
User shall be able to create purchase orders for medicines from authorized distributors, specifying details like quantity and expiration dates.
System shall automatically update the available quantity of each medicine after a sale is completed.
System shall generate notifications when the stock of a particular medicine falls below a predefined threshold.
System shall provide tools for tracking and analyzing sales performance, including metrics such as total sales, top-selling medicines, and sales trends over time.
User shall be able to process returns of medicines to distributors within the specified time frame, recording relevant details such as reasons for return and quantities returned.
System shall automatically adjust the available quantity of returned medicines in the inventory.
The return process shall update the inventory system to reflect a decrease in the number of available medicines, ensuring accurate stock levels.
User shall have a secure login mechanism with role-based access control, ensuring that employees can only access functions relevant to their roles.
User shall have a detailed activity log maintained, capturing actions such as logins, logouts, sales transactions, purchases, and any system operations.
User shall/will be able to interact with the system with responses within two seconds under normal operating conditions.
User shall/will be provided with reports generated in a time not exceeding five seconds.
User shall/will have access to a system with a mean time between failures of at least 500 hours.
In the event of a failure, the system shall/will recover within five minutes with minimal data loss.
User shall/will have sensitive data encrypted during transmission and storage.
User shall/will be subject to role-based access control, restricting access based on assigned roles.
User shall/will have passwords stored securely using industry-standard hashing algorithms.
User shall/will experience a system capable of supporting the addition of new features without requiring a complete system overhaul.
User shall/will experience optimal performance under increased loads through scalability tests.
User shall/will interact with an intuitive user interface requiring minimal training.
User shall/will receive clear error messages and guidance in case of input errors.
User shall/will access a system available 100% of the time during regular business hours.
User shall/will be informed in advance of scheduled maintenance to minimize downtime.
User shall/will benefit from regular automated backups of the database and system configuration.
Backup data shall/will be stored in a geographically separate location to ensure recovery in case of a catastrophic event.
User shall/will experience a system designed with built-in fault tolerance to minimize the impact of failures.
System shall/will identify dependencies on external services or APIs.
User shall be able to create a new account and select Free or Premium membership.
User shall be prompted to sign in to access their account.
User shall have the option to sign out or switch between accounts.
User shall be limited to 1000 calls per day, with total calls being the sum of all user accounts.
User shall search for locations using city names for weather information.
User shall only have access to US cities and locations within the app.
User shall store one location for Free Users and up to five locations for Premium Users.
User shall have the ability to remove stored locations.
User shall access a 7-day advance weather prediction for searched and stored cities, in addition to current weather data.
User shall expect Weeble to load within 20 seconds for 90% of the time.
User passwords shall be hashed using a key stretching algorithm before storage in the database.
The database of Webble shall reliably support up to 20 user accounts and associated data.
Webble shall allow a maximum of 10 Premium Users with full access to features.
A maximum of 10 Free Users shall be allowed in Webble with limited access to features.
Premium Users shall be permitted to make up to 66 calls per day.
Free Users shall be allowed to make up to 33 calls per day.
Webble shall depict weather information using graphical icons corresponding to the current weather.
An FAQ page shall be provided in Webble to explain terms, functionality, and other relevant information.
The design of Webble shall ensure that at least 90% of users can navigate and understand the application after training.
User shall have the ability to search resumes by keywords, job category, and days since posted.
User shall be able to post jobs with detailed descriptions including job title, company name, location, salary, job type, work type, and required skills.
User shall have the ability to create and edit a company profile.
User shall be able to add a company logo to job postings.
Password resets shall be retrievable by automated email.
Employers and recruiters shall be able to create multiple resume agents to receive daily emails matching their keywords.
Paid features such as making offers bold or highlighting shall be available.
The search resume facility shall be activated by paying a fee based on requirements.
Employer and agency registration shall be facilitated.
Individual or package job adverts shall be purchasable by credit card.
Information on remaining job posting time and CV access shall be reportable.
Confirmation of remaining credits shall be provided after each job posting.
Payment options shall include invoice or credit/debit card.
Company logos shall be attachable to job adverts.
Information on vacancy viewings and applications shall be provided.
Application forms shall be attachable to job adverts.
Jobs shall be postable via external sites if used by the advertiser.
High-quality applications shall be received from a customized job board.
Internal notes on applicants shall be maintainable.
Online registration and signup for memberships, job packages, postings, or resume database access shall be available.
Quick employer registration shall be possible using email and password.
Multiple registration accounts for colleagues shall be set up.
Autoresponder messages shall be sent for new account notifications.
Password retrieval shall be possible via automated email.
Profile updates shall be allowed at any time.
Resumes or CVs submitted by job seekers shall be viewable and downloadable.
Employers shall be able to create questions for applicants to respond to when applying.
Search agents shall automatically send resumes matching specified criteria via email daily.
Calendar scheduling for meetings shall be provided.
Newsletter subscription or unsubscription shall be possible.
Job listings shall be customizable to include company info, job type, category, requirements, wages, benefits, and an apply button.
Statistics on views and applicant counts shall be provided for postings.
Video CVs shall be viewable.
User shall have the ability to search for jobs by keywords, category, and work status.
User shall be able to upload a Video CV of up to 3 minutes.
Applying for a job shall be facilitated with a single click.
Resume posting capabilities shall include creation, editing, and expiration.
Candidates shall be able to opt-in and create Job Agents to receive daily notifications of matching jobs.
Saving jobs of interest in a queue shall be possible for candidates.
Password retrieval via email shall be automated.
Job Seeker registration shall allow the addition of CV as a Word file to the CV database.
Login and profile updates, including password reminders, shall be provided.
Jobs by email and email-a-friend features shall be available.
Viewing application history from the profile shall be possible.
An option to remain anonymous on the CV database while allowing employers/agencies to email candidates shall be provided.
A powerful online job search tool shall be included.
Automated banner ads on email headers shall notify job seekers of relevant jobs.
Job seekers shall control the privacy level of their information visible to employers through resume searches.
Job searching by location, qualification, categories, company, experience, and keywords shall be enabled.
Resumes will have options for private/public/confidential settings.
Contact information will be optionally hidden.
Resumes will be hidden from specific companies.
Multiple qualifications and experiences will be added and submitted.
Photos and Cover Letters will be added to profiles and job applications.
Newsletter subscription and customization options will be provided.
Jobs will be added to a watchlist for later viewing.
Statistics on resume views by interested employers shall be available.
Automated responses to job applications shall be provided.
Job Search Agents will be added, edited, activated, or deleted.
Arranging job search results by dates or location shall be possible.
Admin shall manage job seeker and employer profiles, payments, and services.
Messages will be sent to employers and job seekers for subscription-related matters.
Roles and authentication for users shall be provided by admin.
Admin will set criteria for users and manage static content updates.
Email notifications to users based on account status will be sent from the admin panel.
Recent jobs shall be displayed on the homepage.
Newsletter and email sending functionalities to employers and job seekers shall be provided.
Extensive usage statistics for various categories shall be accessible.
Job categories management console shall be available.
Fully customizable graphic elements and templates shall be editable.
Fees for various features like job posting, premium membership, etc., shall be configurable.
Billing transactions and reports on system sales shall be viewable.
System administrators shall have control over dropdown lists and list boxes throughout the site.
Job seekers and employers will be searched based on various criteria.
Multiple membership options with varying prices, time periods, and access levels shall be configurable.
Invoices can be sent to companies, and featured employer showcases can be managed.
Reports on total system sales, jobs, job seekers, accounting, and order history shall be viewable.
Full lists of job seekers and employers along with their contact information can be printed.
Resumes will be imported directly from an existing database.
Limits for CV views and alerts for abnormal user activity shall be configurable.
Banner management application for serving and tracking banner ads shall be provided.
Database backup and multiple admin setup with file access privileges shall be available.
User shall be able to access the control panel based on their role as administrator, employer, or job seeker.
User shall be able to subscribe to different membership tiers, such as Silver, Gold, and Diamond, offering varying limits on resume downloads.
User shall be able to respond to a limited number of profiles per day as a general job seeker.
User shall be able to make payments securely through integrated payment gateways like PayPal, InterSwitch, etc.
User shall be able to use the application in multiple languages, including English and French.
User shall experience a fully dynamic interface where data is fetched from the database.
User shall experience smoother page transitions with AJAX-enabled asynchronous page postbacks.
User shall receive clear validation messages on both client and server sides, with failed fields highlighted and focus directed to them.
User shall be prompted to verify their email upon registration for added security.
User shall have the option to connect their social media accounts like Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.
User shall have a seamless browsing experience across all major web browsers.
User shall be able to use the application in both English and French languages.
User shall be able to select from various workout sessions available in the app.
User shall have their daily calorie goals recorded, and reminders will be sent if a workout is missed.
User shall have the option to create a customized workout plan, with a detailed graph of the workout displayed.
User shall access a variety of meal plans based on target calorie intake per day, with options for daily or weekly plans.
User shall be able to integrate their Strava account or Fitbit watch to view fitness-related information within the CrossFit app.
User shall share their progress within the app and have the ability to copy custom workout sessions.
User shall use the barcode scanner feature to retrieve detailed information about food products by scanning their barcodes.
User shall be alerted if they attempt to enter a custom workout name that already exists in the system, prompting them to choose a different name.
User shall be alerted if they input incorrect or invalid target calories, such as values below a certain threshold or excessively high values.
User shall be prompted to sign in again and grant permissions if they do not provide access to their account details, ensuring the app has the necessary information.
User shall be alerted if they provide incomplete information regarding the mealtime cycle of the plan, indicating which form fields are incomplete for correction.
User will be prompted to grant permission to access the camera if they initially deny access, allowing the app to utilize camera functionality.
User will be notified if the barcode output is not generated due to an issue, prompting them to retry or seek assistance if needed.
User shall expect the database to update data in less than 1 second to ensure timely information retrieval.
User shall experience a UI load time within 30 milliseconds for quick and responsive user interactions.
User shall anticipate API responses in less than 2.5 seconds to maintain seamless application functionality.
User shall have their meal planner tailored to accommodate their allergies and food choices for safety and dietary preferences.
User shall receive exercise recommendations considering their movement conditions, such as joint pain or fractures, to prevent injury.
User shall have their data securely stored in the database with privacy features to prevent data loss and ensure confidentiality.
User shall benefit from a simple UI design with easily navigable screens and features, facilitating user interaction and understanding.
User shall access the application free of charge, as it is non-profit and aimed at benefiting the public without special admin roles or payment gateways.
Crafty kids corner shall include safety tips and guidelines for handling art supplies and performing crafting activities, emphasizing the importance of adult supervision.
Crafty kids corner shall offer printable resources such as coloring pages, templates, and activity sheets for offline use.
Crafty kids corner shall incorporate educational elements into activities to promote learning in areas like fine motor skills, creativity, problem-solving, and cultural awareness.
Crafty kids corner shall implement measures to ensure the safety and privacy of users, particularly children, by adhering to relevant regulations and guidelines regarding online data protection.
Crafty kids corner shall provide an admin panel for content management, allowing admins to add, edit, or delete projects and tutorials.
Crafty kids corner shall offer user management features in the admin panel for managing accounts and permissions.
Crafty kids corner shall include interactive features where users can comment on projects and engage in discussions.
Crafty kids corner shall include a rating system allowing users to rate projects based on their experience.
Crafty kids corner will be compatible with a wide range of web browsers and devices commonly used by kids and their parents/guardians.
Crafty kids corner will provide cross-platform support to ensure a consistent user experience across different operating systems.
Crafty kids corner shall have the ability to accommodate increasing numbers of users as the website grows in popularity.
Crafty kids corner shall utilize scalable hosting solutions that can handle spikes in traffic without sacrificing performance.
Crafty kids corner shall have a modular architecture to easily add new features or expand functionality as needed.
Crafty kids corner shall ensure high availability to ensure the website is accessible whenever kids want to engage with it.
Crafty kids corner shall implement backup and disaster recovery measures to prevent data loss in case of unforeseen events.
Crafty kids corner shall ensure secure user authentication and data protection, especially for any personal information collected from users or their guardians.
Crafty kids corner shall regularly update security measures and patches to protect against vulnerabilities.
Crafty kids corner shall feature an intuitive user interface design suitable for each age group.
Crafty kids corner shall include accessibility features such as easy navigation, clear labels, and high contrast for readability.
Crafty kids corner shall have a responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes and devices.
Crafty kids corner shall provide ways for users to give feedback, such as ratings or comments, to improve the site's offerings.
Crafty kids corner shall incorporate interactive elements to keep children interested and entertained.
All content on Crafty kids corner shall be age-appropriate and suitable for children.
The system shall validate a new user's account upon registration.
The system shall allow users to create a new account by providing their name, date of birth, and email id.
The system shall check the eligibility criteria in the database during account creation.
The system shall confirm the successful creation of a new user account.
The system shall enable users to search for information online.
The system shall display the searched information to the user.
The system shall allow users to create boards by providing a name for the board.
The system shall display the created board on the dashboard.
The system shall confirm the successful creation of a board with the desired name.
The system shall enable users to create new pins by manually entering the pin details.
The system shall display the created pin on the dashboard.
The system shall confirm the successful creation of a new pin visible to all users.
The system shall allow users to comment on posts they like.
The system shall enable users to write comments on posts.
The system shall process and display the written comment on the post.
The system shall provide the functionality for users to follow other users.
The system shall allow users to select and follow other users.
The system shall display the list of people the user follows on the dashboard.
The system shall display the list of people the user follows to the followers of those users.
The system shall support customization of user-provided information.
The system shall allow users to change their information at any time.
The system shall process and display the changed user information.
The system shall ensure that the changed user information is visible to all followers.
The system shall provide a notification feature for users to check their notifications.
The system shall allow users to open the notification box and select desired notifications.
The system shall display the selected notification, showing the pins associated with it.
The system shall be maintainable by highly professional maintainers, who are solely responsible for updating and adding new features.
The system shall be responsive, ensuring that it promptly follows every command given by the users.
The system shall prioritize usability, aiming for easy use and quick familiarity for end users without the need for training or assistance.
The system shall ensure reliability, earning users' trust with their information.
The system shall utilize a database to store user information and data.
User shall be able to connect with other people on Quora by sending messages.
System shall open a new window for users to compose and view messages, retrieving previous messages from the database.
User shall be able to change profile settings or details.
System shall open a new window with options such as account, privacy, and language settings.
User will be able to log in to their Quora.com account.
System shall verify user input from the database and proceed accordingly, logging the user into the home page.
User shall be able to sign up for an account on Quora.com.
System shall display a confirmation popup after the user fills out the form and clicks the submit button, saving the information to the database for further processing.
The system shall be available at all times, accessible via any web browser, even with low browsing speed.
The system shall be available as an application on both Android and iOS platforms.
The system shall be accessible on mobile browsers as well.
The system shall be compatible with any Windows platform with any version of a web browser.
The system shall also be accessible on mini browsers for mobile devices.
The Android application version of the software shall require a minimum Android version of 4.2.
A commercial database shall be utilized for maintaining the website's database.
The application server shall be responsible for maintaining the website.
The software design shall prioritize modularity to facilitate efficient maintainability.
User will choose between linking a credit or debit card.
System will allow the user to link their card.
User will input their card details including card number, card type, expiration date, security code, and billing address, and then click on the link card option.
System will display a message indicating that the bank account has been successfully added.
User will choose from options including searching for their issue, chatting with customer support, asking the community, emailing customer support, or calling customer support.
System will prompt the user to select their issue or write about their problem.
User will submit their issue or problem.
System will display a message confirming that the problem or issue has been submitted successfully.
User will input the email or mobile number associated with their PayPal account.
System will send a one-time password to the provided email or mobile number.
User will input the verification code received.
System will confirm the successful submission of the verification code.
User will input a new password and confirm the password.
System will display a message confirming that the password has been created successfully.
User shall experience a high data transfer rate.
System shall maintain uninterrupted connections.
System must perform effectively in adverse conditions.
System shall automatically log out the user after a period of inactivity.
Back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated users.
The PayPal network must be available 24 hours a day.
Only designated maintainers are allowed to connect new users to the PayPal Payment System network and maintain records of all users and transaction status.
The user shall have the option to sign up using their Facebook account.
The user shall have the option to sign up using their Google account.
The user shall have the option to sign up using their Office 365 account.
The user shall be able to sign up by tapping the "Sign Up" button and using their email address.
The user shall be able to enter their school year tenure.
The user shall be able to submit their school start date.
The user shall be able to submit their school start time.
The user shall be able to view their upcoming and current tasks, classes, exams, and reminders.
The user shall be able to add a new task from the dashboard by tapping on "NewTask".
The user shall be able to view the Menu from the dashboard.
The calendar shall be viewable in either week or month format by tapping on a drop-down menu.
The calendar shall display all tasks, exams, and classes with their details.
Upon tapping a specific date, the calendar shall display detailed descriptions in the lower screen section.
The calendar shall allow jumping to the current date by tapping the calendar icon in the top right corner of the screen.
The Tasks window shall display all current and upcoming tasks to the user.
The user shall be able to filter tasks by School Year/Term or Subject by tapping the "Tasks" filter at the top of the screen.
The user shall be able to search for a task by tapping the search icon on the top of the screen.
The user shall be able to view past tasks by tapping the three-dotted menu widget on the top right corner of the screen.
The user shall be able to create a new task by tapping the "+" icon in the bottom right corner of the screen.
The user shall be able to select a subject from the Subject drop-down menu when creating a new task.
The user shall be able to add a new subject to the Subject drop-down menu.
The user shall be able to choose the type of task (Assignment, Reminder, Revision) from a drop-down menu.
The user shall be able to select a due date by tapping on the Date field and choosing a date from the pop-up calendar.
The user shall be able to add a title for the new task.
The user shall be able to enter details about the new task in the Detail field.
In case of a Revision task, the user shall be able to select the exam the revision is for.
The user shall be able to save the new task by tapping "Save" after filling in all the fields.
A confirmation message box shall appear before discarding a new task if the user taps "Close" without saving.
The Exams screen shall display the user's exams.
The user shall be able to filter exams by School Year/Term or Subject.
The user shall be able to view past exams by tapping a designated menu option on the screen.
The user shall be able to view details of a specific exam by tapping on it in the list.
The user shall be able to create a new exam by tapping the "Add" button.
The user shall be able to add a new academic year/term to add the exam.
The user shall be able to select a subject from a drop-down menu or add a new subject.
The user shall be able to enter the Module for the exam.
The user shall be able to add the date and time for the exam.
The user shall be able to set the Duration of the exam.
The user shall be able to enter their Seat number for the exam.
The user shall be able to enter their Room number for the exam.
The user shall be able to check a box on "Resit" if they are giving the exam again.
The user shall be able to save all the data by tapping on "Save".
The user shall be able to discard all the changes by tapping on "Close Exam View".
The user shall be able to see all the details of the Exam in this module.
The user shall be able to edit the details of the exam by tapping on "Edit Schedule".
The user shall be able to view their Class Schedule and Holidays Schedule in the main screen of this module.
The user shall be able to filter their view by Academic Year/Term or Current.
The user shall be able to edit the Academic Year by tapping on the three-dotted menu.
The user shall be able to add a New Academic Year.
The user shall be able to manage Subjects.
The user shall be able to add a New Class by tapping on "Add New Class".
The user shall be able to select the Year/Term or add a new Year/Term for the class.
The user shall be able to select the Subject from a drop-down box for the class.
The user shall be able to add the Module name for the class.
The user shall be able to add the Classroom number for the class.
The user shall be able to mention the building name for the class.
The user shall be able to add their Teacher Name for the class.
The user shall be able to select if their class Repeats or Does not repeat.
The user shall be able to add the Time and Duration of their Class.
The user shall be able to enter the Start and End dates of their Class.
The user shall be able to either Save or Discard their changes for a New/Edit Academic Year.
The user shall be able to edit the Start and End date of the Academic Year.
The user shall be able to select Scheduling options: Classes occur on the same day every week, Weekly rotations, Daily rotations.
The user shall be able to add a New Term.
The user shall be able to either Save or Discard their changes for a New/Edit Term.
The user shall be able to enter a Term Name.
The user shall be able to select start and end dates of the Term.
The user shall be able to either Save or Discard their changes for Term.
The user shall be able to change the Academic Year/Term of their Subjects.
The user shall be able to delete their Subjects.
The user shall be able to add or make changes to the Subject Name.
The user shall be able to make changes to the Subject Color.
The user shall be able to either Save or Discard their changes for Subjects.
The system shall be designed to be interactive and provide fast updates.
The system shall scale to accommodate increased usage and data volume over time.
The system shall respond to highest priority user input or external interrupt and resume previous state upon completion.
The user shall be able to navigate the app intuitively, without requiring external instructions.
The system shall acknowledge user actions with confirmation to ensure application reliability for business purposes.
The user shall access the application for installation, updates, and feedback via the Google Play Store.
The system shall render its layout adaptively to different screen sizes, including automatic font size and image adjustments.
The system shall prioritize WiFi connection and automatically switch to mobile network when WiFi is unavailable.
The system shall be able to serve 20,000 queries/day, with a significant portion during the 4 peak traffic hours.
The system shall prioritize traveler privacy regarding location tracking within the mobility domain.
The system shall support language agnostic operation for portability, including English, Turkish, Finnish, and Italian for the identified replication partners.
The user shall be able to apply lenses, set a timer, enable gridlines, enable flash, and then capture a selfie or photo.
System shall process the request to the account and upon the other user's acceptance, establish a friendship between these two users.
Snapchat shall utilize Bitmoji app to perform specified actions.
The system shall allow users to view friends' stories, browse global stories, share stories, take screenshots, and report spam content.
The system shall utilize AI to analyze surroundings and select the appropriate lens based on the analysis.
The system shall sense any music playing, create an audio fingerprint, and compare it against the database.
The system shall display a real-time map powered by Mapbox copyrighted by OpenStreetMap and DigitalGlobe, where user's Bitmoji avatar representing them moves according to their location and even simulates driving by entering a car icon.
Users shall be able to send text messages, pictures, videos, audio recordings, video calls, and play multiplayer games.
The system shall increment the streak counter for daily snapping and reset it to zero upon a break in the chain.
The system shall continuously calculate statistics and update Snapchat scores.
Upon capturing a selfie, the system shall generate a Snapcode and offer associated actions.
The Memories shall provide cloud-based storage for a limited number of user-uploaded snaps.
The system shall provide a private section within Memories named "My Eyes Only" secured by a user-defined passcode, with the caveat that a forgotten passcode will result in permanent deletion of all data stored within.
The system shall allow users to search for Snapchatters, location-based stories, and events in their vicinity, along with other functionalities.
The system shall attempt to match user keywords with its database, displaying related queries and offering a direct contact option for zero matches.
The system shall allow authorized users to create, update, and delete sensitive user information.
System shall validate user data, verify credentials, and assign the account to the new user with all new user information upon successful validation.
The system shall provide a social messaging platform where users can create and manage groups with chat functionalities.
User shall be able to determine if a sent snap has been received by the recipient.
Users shall customize their privacy settings to optimize their experience.
The system shall enforce strong password management, requiring users to keep passwords confidential and unique for each service.
The system shall ensure high reliability for its 3 billion+ concurrent users and guarantee secure data storage with appropriate data anonymization techniques.
The system shall support Snapchat on Android devices running Android 4.4 or later and iOS devices running iOS 12.4.1 or later, including phones and tablets.
Snapchat shall prioritize continuous maintenance, utilize beta testing for new feature acceptance, and deliver frequent updates to surprise users.
The system shall be designed for intuitive use by first-time users.
The system shall provide comprehensive and readily accessible help documentation based on user feedback.
The system shall provide a backup and automatic restore facility using an online cloud database to store all user data upon permission, with the ability to restore the information on any device.
The system shall allow users to report Snapchatters for irrelevant, inappropriate content, misbehavior, or anything uncomfortable and shall take strict action against reported individuals, posts, or spam.
The system shall allow users to provide written feedback, rate the app, and share their thoughts after installation.
Users shall be able to start and manage meetings through both video and audio.
Users shall be able to send messages to each other.
There shall be the ability to form groups or teams.
Users shall be able to send messages to a team of people.
The system shall support file sharing - Photos, videos, documents, etc.
The Teams app shall be designed to scale based on the size of the organization.
There shall be clearly defined uptime targets for the Teams app, along with a documented impact of downtime on performance.
The Teams app shall be designed for high availability, ensuring minimal disruption in case of individual service outages.
Updates to the Teams app shall be delivered through mechanisms that minimize or eliminate impact on ongoing meetings.
The product shall be designed with very limited graphics usage and shall utilize a simple keypad for user input.
There shall be no sound or animation used in the product.
The hardware and operating system shall be capable of supporting a screen resolution no greater than 320 x 240 pixels due to the small form factor.
While sound is not essential, it can be considered for future versions of the system. In these future variants, the user shall be greeted by their name upon swiping their card against the reader-writer terminal.
The system shall be designed such that a student can view a page of information by choosing from one of the options given on the welcome screen. Selection shall be performed with a simple keypad.
A staff member shall view a page of information by selecting from the options presented on the welcome screen. Selection shall be performed using a simple keypad.
A student cum staff shall view a page of information upon selection from the welcome screen options using a simple keypad.
The software shall be designed for the smart card reader-writer terminal and shall not run on a standalone desktop PC.
The software will support simultaneous user acces only if there are multiple terminals.
Only textual information will be handled by the software.
Under normal conditions, 95% of transactions shall be processed in less than 5 seconds.
A server shall host the RMOS and provide system data processing and storage  capability.
A surface computer shall provide a customer with all customer system  functionality.
A tablet shall provide a waiter/supervisor with all waiter/supervisor system  functionality (according to access control).
A display shall provide a chef with all chef system functionality.
All system functionality shall be accessible through touch sensitive surface  computers, tablets and displays via simple touch gestures.
A tablet shall be capable of interfacing with a register to facilitate the accurate  processing of a payment.
A customer shall be able to engage their menu by double tapping the activated  surface computer in their table.
A customer shall be able to dismiss their menu by double tapping its dismiss  option.
A customer shall be able to create an empty pending order through their  engaged menu.
A customer shall not be able to dismiss their engaged menu while there is a  non-empty pending order associated with the engaged menu.
A customer shall be able to navigate through the available items in their  engaged menu.
A customer shall be able to add an item to a pending order by dragging the  item from the engaged menu onto the order.
A customer shall be able to remove an item from a pending order by dragging  the item off the order.
A customer shall be able to add a special dietary requirement to an order by  dragging the requirement from the engaged menu onto the order.
A customer shall be able to add a wildcard special dietary requirement to an  order in the case that their requirement is not represented by the system.
A customer shall be able to place an order through their engaged menu if it is  pending and not empty.
A customer shall be able to cancel an order through their engaged menu if it is  pending and not yet placed.
A customer shall be able to call for waiter assistance through their engaged  menu.
A customer shall be able to engage bill mode to finalise payment through their  engaged menu.
A customer shall be able to disengage bill mode to cancel the billing process  through their engaged menu.
When in billing mode, a surface computer shall display a representation of a  cash payment for the whole table.
When in billing mode, a surface computer shall display a representation of a  bankcard payment for each customer.
When in billing mode, a surface computer shall display a representation of  every meal ordered that may each be dragged into a payment.
When in billing mode, a surface computer shall display a representation of tip  denominations that may be dragged into a payment.
A customer shall be able to drag a meal into a bankcard payment or a cash  payment.
A customer shall be able to drag a meal out of a bankcard payment or a cash  payment.
A customer shall be able to drag a tip denomination into a bankcard payment  or a cash payment.
A customer shall be able to drag a tip denomination out of a bankcard payment  or a cash payment.
A waiter shall be able to log into a tablet using their assigned username and  password.
A waiter shall be able to log out of a tablet.
A waiter shall be able to activate a surface computer and consequently open its  associated account through a tablet.
A waiter shall be able to deactivate a surface computer and consequently close  its associated account through a tablet.
A waiter who activates a surface computer shall be assigned to the table that  contains it.
A tablet shall allow a waiter to accept an order placed by a customer through a  surface computer.
A tablet shall allow a waiter to reject an order placed by a customer through a  surface computer.
A tablet shall allow a waiter to indicate the delivery of an item to its customer.
A tablet shall allow a waiter to process a payment using cash.
A tablet shall allow a waiter to process a payment using a bankcard.
A chef shall be able to accept a customers order item through a display.
A chef shall be able to reject a customers order item through a display.
A chef shall be able to indicate that a customers order item is ready to be served through a display.
A supervisor shall be able to do everything a waiter can.
A supervisor shall be able to do everything a chef can.
A supervisor shall be able to abort/purge a customers meal from the active  system with no expectation of payment.
A supervisor shall be able to abort/purge a table's account/meals from the  active system with no expectation of payment.
A supervisor shall be able to issue a refund for one or more items to a  customer.
The system shall log every state and state change of every surface computer,  tablet and display to provision recovery from system failure.
The system shall be capable of restoring itself to its previous state in the event  of failure (e.g. a system crash or power loss).
The system shall be able to display a menu at all times to facilitate manual  order taking should the need arise.
The system shall utilise periodic 30-second keep-alive messages between  tablets and the server to monitor tablet operational status.
The system shall flag tablets that fail to send timely keep-alive messages as  non-operational and disassociate the assigned waiter from the tablet.
Wireless communication throughout the system will be encrypted using SSLv3  at the application layer and WPA2-PSK at the data link layer.
The WPA2-PSK password used for wireless communication must have a bit-  strength of at least 80 bits.
The WPA2-PSK password used for wireless communication must be changed  every three months.
A surface computer must not dismiss an engaged menu unless the customer  requests it.
The server shall be capable of supporting no less than 200 concurrent  connections from any combination of surface computers, tablets and displays.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of surface  computers, tablets and displays, that is, it shall provide no limit on how many  devices are in the system.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active  meals/orders, that is, no meals/orders shall be lost under any circumstances.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active  customer payments, that is, no payments shall be lost under any  circumstances.
User shall have control over the database and manage all records of customers and employee details.
System shall enable the administrator to manage the database and track all customer and employee records.
User shall contact vendors and grant permission for selling products on the site after quality testing.
System shall facilitate communication with vendors and authorize them to sell products on the site after quality assessment.
User shall view all employee details and oversee the entire site operation.
System shall provide the administrator with access to view all employee details and manage the site.
User shall be responsible for creating advertisements for the site.
System shall allow the administrator to create advertisements to promote the site.
User must have a valid login ID to access the site.
System shall require customers to log in with a valid ID to access the site.
User shall sign up for a new account to gain access to the site.
System shall enable new users to register for a new ID to access the site.
User shall view and edit personal details, payment information, and service details.
System shall allow customers to view and edit their personal details, payment information, and service details.
User shall browse and compare available products before making a purchase.
System shall enable customers to compare and choose products from the available options.
User shall be able to purchase products using a valid credit card.
System shall facilitate product purchases using valid credit card information provided by customers.
User shall provide feedback to the 24X7 customer care service center regarding their experience with the site and services.
System shall allow customers to provide feedback to the customer care service center regarding their experience.
User shall log out of the site after completing product purchases.
System shall prompt customers to log out of the site after completing their purchases.
Visitors shall access the site without registration.
System shall allow visitors to browse the site without the need for registration.
Shop owners shall obtain permission from the administrator before selling their products on the site.
System shall require shop owners to obtain permission from the administrator before selling products.
Shop owners shall consult with the administrator regarding product quality and advertisements.
System shall facilitate communication between shop owners and the administrator for discussing product quality and advertisements.
Shop owners shall be responsible for advertising their products, and the site shall not be liable for any advertisements.
System shall allow shop owners to advertise their products, with no liability for the site regarding advertisements.
Sales managers shall view customer details and manage product sales and deliveries.
System shall provide sales managers with access to customer details and manage product sales and deliveries.
Sales managers shall monitor product stocks and notify the administrator when stocks are low.
System shall enable sales managers to monitor product stocks and alert the administrator of low stock levels.
Purchase managers shall obtain permission from the administrator before purchasing products from vendors.
System shall require purchase managers to obtain permission from the administrator before purchasing products.
Purchase managers shall manage product stocks.
System shall allow purchase managers to manage product stocks.
Accounts managers shall track payment transactions and update payment information.
System shall enable accounts managers to track payment transactions and update payment information.
Accounts managers shall validate customer account numbers with banks before processing transactions.
System shall facilitate accounts managers in validating customer account numbers with banks before processing transactions.
Accounts managers shall consult with the administrator regarding payment details for updating the database.
System shall allow accounts managers to consult with the administrator regarding payment details for updating the database.
Customer care representatives shall receive and address customer complaints, queries, and feedback.
System shall enable customer care representatives to receive and address customer complaints, queries, and feedback.
Customer care representatives shall provide feasible solutions to customers' complaints and queries.
System shall empower customer care representatives to provide feasible solutions to customers' complaints and queries.
User shall be able to use the system without experiencing any faults, even with a high number of items and users.
System shall accommodate a large volume of items and users without encountering faults.
User shall view information with responses appearing on the screen within 5 seconds.
System use shall not pose any harm to human users.
System shall prioritize the safety of human users during operation.
System shall utilize a secured database to ensure data security.
System shall employ a secured database for storing information.
Normal users shall have read-only access to information, except for their personal and authorized data.
System shall restrict normal users to read-only access, allowing modification only for personal and authorized data.
System shall implement access constraints for different types of users.
System shall impose access constraints based on user types.
V Mart shall handle expected and unexpected errors to prevent loss of information and minimize downtime.
System shall manage expected and unexpected errors to prevent data loss and minimize downtime.
The website of V Mart shall be user-friendly for non-technical users, regardless of its size.
System shall ensure that the V Mart website is user-friendly for non-technical users, regardless of its size.
User shall be able to view cancellation charges based on cancellation time availability and receive refunds through their payment gateway.
System shall display cancellation charges based on cancellation time, availability, and process refunds through the user's payment gateway.
User shall have the option to modify existing tickets, including parameters such as time, date, route, and availability.
System shall calculate modification charges based on modifying time, date, route, availability, display new fares, and process payments through the payment gateway.
After the journey, users shall receive a feedback form to provide feedback based on their journey experience.
System shall send a feedback form to users after the journey for them to share their feedback.
Admin shall log in by entering admin ID, admin password, and admin name.
System shall display the Admin Home Page upon successful login.
Admin shall be able to add new routes or edit existing bus journey routes.
System shall display newly edited or added routes in the booking section.
Admin shall update the timing of bus arrival and departure, as well as its location.
System shall display updated time, location, and bus status on the user pages.
Admin shall have the authority to cancel any bus route or make it unavailable for any reason.
System shall update the cancellation status on the user page upon bus cancellation by the admin.
Based on user feedback, Admin shall have the ability to change or modify accessibility.
System shall send resolved feedback messages to users via email or SMS.
User shall be able to access all features of the Online Matrimonial Portal accurately implemented as specified in the document.
System shall ensure that all requirements outlined for the Online Matrimonial Portal are correctly implemented and operational.
User shall be able to access the application from any web browser and hardware platform.
System shall ensure the portability of the application across various operating systems and devices.
User shall experience high efficiency while using the software, with tasks performed simultaneously across different modules.
System shall maintain efficiency even in the event of system failure, with recovery expected within an hour or less.
User shall find the user interface of the software simple yet efficient, suitable for users with varying levels of technical expertise.
System shall ensure usability by providing an intuitive user interface for easy navigation and functionality.
User shall experience continuous availability of the system, accessible 24/7 via web browsers.
System shall guarantee uninterrupted service, with downtime limited to scheduled server maintenance.
User shall be able to rely on the system's redundancy measures, ensuring the reliability of data storage and minimizing the risk of data loss.
User shall be able to provide customer details including name, address, and phone number.
System shall request a deposit of Rs. 5000 upon entry of valid customer information and update it temporarily in the customer database.
User shall confirm deposit money receipt.
System shall generate a username and password for the customer upon confirmation and convert temporary data to permanent storage.
User shall input the date, destination, and duration for car rental.
System shall display all available cars with hourly and per kilometer charges.
User shall select a specific car from the list.
System shall provide the allotted vehicle number, driver's mobile number, estimated charge, and update the car status to 'rented'.
User shall validate the duty slip and confirm payment.
System shall generate a bill, update the database upon payment confirmation, and change the car status to 'available'.
User shall input new car information and car statistics.
System shall update the car information, delete irreparable car data, and adjust car rent accordingly.
User shall input the current car status ('rented', 'gone to repair', 'available').
System shall update the car status accordingly.
User shall access various car rent statistics stored in the car database.
System shall provide car-wise statistics to assist in predicting profitable new car orders.
User shall be able to interact with the registration window for entering customer details and registering new customers.
System shall display a registration window containing text fields for customer information and a register button for deposit submission.
User shall be able to access the login window for entering username and password.
System shall provide a login window with fields for username and password, along with buttons for logging in and registering.
User shall be able to view the customer homepage after logging in.
System shall display the customer homepage for online car booking, showcasing available cars and enabling selection for specific time spans.
User shall be able to access the employee homepage upon login.
System shall present the employee homepage for inputting duty slip information, calculating net bills, and updating car status and customer database.
User shall be able to access the manager homepage after login.
System shall show the manager homepage for adding and deleting cars, displaying car statistics, and adjusting car rents.
The software shall run on Linux or Windows OS.
The system shall utilize separate databases for cars and customers.
The software shall require internet access for functionality.
The hardware requirements include a computer with at least 256 MB RAM and internet connection.
The system shall communicate through web browser enabling and use HTTP protocol for data transfer.
Response time for system operations shall be less than 1 second, except for internet-dependent functions.
The software shall offer password protection for customer bookings.
Access to editing booking, billing, and car information shall be limited to authorized personnel.
User shall be able to interact with the text-based command-line interface of the system, which is provided as a method of interaction for users and administrators.
System shall support multiple command-line interface modes such as Fastkramch, Bcturch, Muhturch, and ]madbtanam, offering different functionalities based on user requirements.
The system shall provide a structured experience for users to navigate through commands tailored to their needs.
System shall help users quickly execute commands by providing autocomplete suggestions for keywords and command options.
The system shall handle commands entered by users and execute them based on the specified parameters, ensuring proper feedback and response to user actions.
The system shall maintain a history of executed commands for users to reference and repeat or modify as needed.
The system shall support a wide range of commands and command options for users to perform various tasks, such as data manipulation, configuration, Management, and troubleshooting, etc.
User shall be able to interact with the text-based command-line interface of the system.
System shall provide a secure environment for user interaction with the command-line interface.
The command-line interface shall have a response time of less than 5 seconds, ensuring efficient user interaction.
The system shall ensure a high level of security in handling user inputs and commands, protecting against potential threats and vulnerabilities.
The security requirements of the system shall adhere to industry standards and best practices.
The system shall authenticate users and authorize their access to specific functionalities based on their role and permissions.
User inputs and commands shall be validated to prevent unauthorized access or malicious actions within the system.
The system shall enforce data privacy and confidentiality measures to protect sensitive information handled within the command-line interface.
User shall be able to set performance expectations for the system.
System shall meet user-defined performance expectations.
User shall be able to input data without experiencing delays.
System shall provide timely responses to user inputs.
User shall be able to report errors encountered during system use.
System shall handle errors effectively to prevent system failures.
User shall be able to rely on the system's stability and robustness.
System shall avoid or manage potential disasters and errors autonomously.
User shall be able to run the system on different platforms if necessary.
System shall ensure compatibility and adaptability across various platforms.
User shall find the system easy to navigate and use.
System shall provide a user-friendly interface for seamless interaction.
User shall be able to ensure compliance with established standards.
System shall adhere to specified standards for operations and data handling.
User shall provide hardware specifications and limitations.
System shall operate within the defined hardware constraints.
User shall require fault-tolerant system design where necessary.
System shall implement fault-tolerant mechanisms to ensure system reliability.
User shall specify security measures and access controls.
System shall enforce security protocols to safeguard data and operations.
User shall specify minimum and preferred hardware requirements.
System shall function optimally within the specified hardware configurations.
User shall specify software requirements and dependencies.
System shall operate on compatible software platforms and environments.
User shall ensure software meets defined quality attributes.
System shall adhere to specified quality attributes such as security and portability.
User shall expect secure transactions with SSL encryption.
System shall automatically log out inactive users.
User shall not have their passwords stored in cookies.
System's back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated management.
User shall rely on the overall project's reliability.
System's reliability depends on continuous backup of the database.
User shall expect continuous system availability.
System shall ensure 24/7 availability with minimal downtime.
User shall have access to a customer-friendly system.
System shall provide a replacement page in case of hardware failure or database corruption.
User shall rely on the system's maintainability.
System shall use a commercial database and application server for maintenance.
User shall expect efficient re-initialization in case of failure.
System shall ensure supportability through well-documented code and modules.
User shall have access to online user documentation and help system.
User shall be able to move an activity by selecting it on the canvas, performing a mouse down action, dragging it to the desired location, and releasing the mouse.
Alternatively, the user can push the up, down, right, and left keys of the keyboard to move the activity.
User shall be able to delete an activity by selecting it on the canvas and clicking the "Delete" button on the user GUI.
Alternatively, the user can push the delete key of the keyboard to delete the activity.
User shall be able to delete a connection by selecting it and clicking the "Delete" button.
Alternatively, the user can push the delete key of the keyboard to delete the connection.
User shall be able to select items by clicking on an empty place on the canvas and dragging the mouse to select desired items.
Alternatively, the user can hold the "Ctrl" key and click on desired activities and connections to select them.
User shall be able to cut items by selecting them and clicking the "Cut" button.
Alternatively, the user can push the "Ctrl+X" key combination or right-click the mouse and select the "Cut Item" button from the context menu.
User shall be able to copy items by selecting them and clicking the "Copy" button.
Alternatively, the user can push the "Ctrl+C" key combination or right-click the mouse and select the "Copy Item" button from the context menu.
User shall be able to paste items by clicking the "Paste" button.
Alternatively, the user can push the "Ctrl+V" key combination or right-click the mouse and select the "Paste Item" button from the context menu.
User shall be able to zoom in or out by clicking the "Zoom In" or "Zoom Out" button.
User shall be able to load a document with 50 activities and 50 connections within 1 second on the client side.
System shall be able to ensure that common operations on an equivalent document are completed within 0.2 seconds.
User shall be able to save a document of similar size within 0.5 seconds.
System shall be able to create a connection between activities within 0.1 second.
System shall be able to efficiently write client-side data to the disk and retrieve database data on the server side, with a target time of approximately 0.5 seconds for each operation.
System shall use C# programming language on the server side for compatibility with WF.Net and ease of manipulation of XAML.
System shall employ HTML5, JavaScript, Processing-JS, Ext-JS, and Ajax on the client side for dynamic user interaction and server communication.
User shall be able to access and interact with the system directly through their web browser without additional tools.
System shall adhere to usability standards outlined by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) for intuitive and user-friendly interface design.
System shall ensure accessibility across all major web browsers available on the market without restrictions.
User shall be able to access all stored data, including student details, faculty members details, student queries and solutions, and course information, from a single centralized database.
System shall provide electronic course study materials to students.
System shall display course details, fee structure, and notices for students on the site.
User shall be able to access the site with three different interfaces based on their role: student, faculty, or administrator.
Each user shall have a unique username and password to access their account on the site.
Students shall be able to take mock tests for their courses and evaluate their performance.
Faculties shall be able to upload lectures to the site for students to access.
User shall be able to access the application on all major web browsers without any slowdown, even during peak hours.
System shall maintain the quality of service without any compromise on performance.
The server hosting the E-learning web application shall have its own security measures to prevent unauthorized write/delete access.
System shall implement advanced secure login algorithms to provide secure login to users.
System shall grant access only to authorized users to ensure security.
User ID and password shall not be shared with anyone, including students, faculty, or any other individuals.
User shall be able to watch videos by selecting them.
System shall play the selected video.
User shall be able to search for videos or channels by typing their names.
System shall display whether the video/channel is found or not.
User shall be able to like or dislike videos using buttons.
System shall update the likes/dislikes of videos in the database.
User shall be able to share videos on other social media platforms by pressing the share button.
System shall verify the user's social media account details and share the video link.
User shall be able to view videos in full screen mode by pressing the full screen option button.
System shall display the video in full screen resolution.
User shall be able to change the quality of the video by selecting the desired resolution.
System shall change the resolution of the video and display it accordingly.
User shall be able to upload videos to their channel.
System shall display the uploaded videos on the user's channel.
User shall be able to block other users.
System shall add the blocked user to the user's blocked list in the database.
User shall be able to comment on videos.
System shall store and display the user's comments.
User shall be able to view their watch history.
System shall scan the watch history in the database and display it to the user.
User shall be able to remove uploaded videos from their channel.
System shall check the details in the database and perform the delete operation.
User shall receive notifications about new uploads in their channel after logging in.
System shall quickly identify new uploads in other channels and notify the user's channel database.
User shall be able to add interests.
System shall check the information and process the request, providing regular updates on those interests.
User shall be able to update or edit their profile appearance.
System shall change the edited details in the database and reflect them on the user's profile page.
User shall be able to manage settings such as alternate email address, phone number, preferred language, or password.
System shall check the information and apply the changes to the user's account.
User shall be able to manage privacy settings such as who can view their profile, connections, and sharing data with third parties.
User interface should be attractive and easily understandable, requiring no assistance to use the website.
System should be able to operate efficiently on slow connections, ensuring fast and steady data flow.
Data of the user should be regularly synchronized between their device and the database for auto save functionality.
System must ensure safety by protecting from intruders, ensuring unique IDs for each user, and requiring unique admin ID.
Website should be multi-platform, capable of running on different operating systems.
Users are advised to change their password every 30 days, and maximum 3 login attempts should be allowed.
Website must be connected to a web server to make it available worldwide.
User details and data should be stored securely in a database provided by the server.
User shall be able to create a Gmail account by providing personal details like name, gender, password, mobile number, and location.
System shall store the user's details in the database for account creation.
User shall be able to log in to Gmail using their email id and password.
Upon successful login, user shall be able to send and receive emails.
User shall be able to compose emails by clicking on the compose button and entering recipient email, subject, and message.
User shall have the option to attach files to emails, with a file size limit of 25 MB.
User shall be able to send composed emails by clicking on the send button.
User shall be able to archive emails to hide them from the inbox.
User shall be able to mark suspicious emails as spam by clicking on the spam button.
System shall automatically move some emails to the spam folder and may block the sender of spam messages.
User shall be able to differentiate between primary, social, and promotional emails based on email tabs.
System shall analyze emails and categorize them automatically into primary, social, or promotional categories.
User shall be able to delete emails from their inbox or other folders.
System shall provide an option for users to organize emails into folders or labels for better management.
User shall have the ability to search for specific emails using keywords or filters.
System shall allow users to create drafts of emails that can be saved and edited later before sending.
User shall be able to forward received emails to other email addresses.
System shall provide an option for users to set up automatic email forwarding rules.
User shall have the ability to mark emails as important or star them for future reference.
System shall provide a feature to schedule emails to be sent at a later time.
User shall be able to set up email signatures to be automatically added to outgoing emails.
System shall offer keyboard shortcuts for efficient navigation and operation within Gmail.
User shall have the option to customize the layout and appearance of their Gmail inbox.
System shall provide notifications for new incoming emails, calendar events, and other relevant updates.
User shall be able to access Gmail from multiple devices and platforms seamlessly.
System shall ensure data security and privacy by encrypting emails and implementing robust authentication mechanisms.
User shall have the option to enable two-factor authentication for added security.
System shall regularly update and maintain the Gmail platform to ensure optimal performance and security.
User shall be provided with a comprehensive help and support system to address any issues or queries related to Gmail usage.
System shall offer integration with other Google services such as Google Drive, Google Calendar, and Google Contacts for enhanced productivity.
The product shall implement caching mechanisms to optimize load times and reduce server requests.
The system shall support content delivery networks (CDNs) to distribute content efficiently across different geographic locations.
The system shall implement secure authentication protocols such as OAuth or OpenID Connect for user authentication.
User passwords shall be stored securely using industry-standard hashing algorithms with salt.
Access to sensitive user data, such as credit card information, shall be restricted to authorized personnel only, with proper access controls in place.
The user interface shall adhere to responsive design principles to ensure optimal viewing and interaction experience across various devices and screen sizes.
Accessibility features, such as keyboard navigation and screen reader compatibility, shall be implemented to cater to users with disabilities.
Automated testing procedures shall be implemented to detect and mitigate software bugs and errors before deployment.
The system shall have failover mechanisms in place to switch to backup servers seamlessly in the event of hardware failures or network disruptions.
Regular maintenance and monitoring procedures shall be established to identify and address potential reliability issues proactively.
Load balancing techniques shall be employed to distribute incoming traffic evenly across multiple servers and prevent server overload.
The system shall have redundant power supplies and backup generators to ensure uninterrupted service during power outages.
Automated backup procedures shall be implemented to create regular backups of critical data and configurations, reducing the risk of data loss in case of hardware failures or disasters.
These additional non-functional requirements aim to further enhance the performance, security, user experience, reliability, and availability of the system.
User shall be able to create a new account by entering personal details.
System shall be able to register new users and store their information securely in the database.
User shall be able to create an account using their Google or Facebook credentials.
System shall be able to authenticate users using their Google or Facebook accounts and register them accordingly.
User shall be able to view product details upon selection.
System shall be able to display relevant information about selected products.
User shall be able to view the price of selected products, including any applicable discounts.
System shall be able to calculate and display the cost of products along with any discounts offered by vendors.
User shall be able to log in with valid credentials.
System shall be able to authenticate user credentials and grant access to the user account.
User shall receive a notification if login credentials are invalid.
System shall alert users if login credentials are incorrect or if the account does not exist.
User shall be able to complete transactions, including managing the shopping cart.
System shall facilitate the process of adding, removing, and managing items in the shopping cart during transactions.
User shall be able to generate reports, including stock, order, and delivery reports.
System shall provide functionalities to generate comprehensive reports on stock availability, orders, and deliveries.
User shall be able to view order reports displaying product details and customer information.
System shall generate order reports containing information about ordered products and customers' details for undelivered orders.
User shall be able to track delivery status by providing necessary information.
System shall enable users to track the status of their deliveries by entering relevant details such as name, age, mobile number, and address.
User shall be able to log out securely.
System shall ensure users can log out of their accounts securely, preventing unauthorized access.
User shall have uninterrupted access to the system via a web browser, subject only to server downtime.
System shall display a replacement page in case of hardware failure or database corruption.
System shall retrieve backups of the database from the server and save them in case of hardware failure or database corruption.
System shall use SSL (secured socket layer) in all transactions involving confidential customer information.
System shall automatically log out users after a period of inactivity.
System shall not store any cookies containing user passwords on the customers computer.
Systems back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
System shall store all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover for enhanced reliability.
The overall reliability of the system depends on the reliability of individual components.
System shall continuously maintain and update backups of the database to reflect the most recent changes.
System shall utilize a commercial database for database maintenance, with the application server managing the site.
In case of failure, the system shall undergo reinitialization.
System design shall prioritize modularity to facilitate efficient maintenance.
User shall be able to log in to theaa.com by providing a valid user ID and password.
System shall display a login window on the theaa.com website for each user.
User shall be required to input valid user ID and password to access the website.
Upon successful login, the system shall redirect the user to the home page of theaa.com.
User shall be able to register on STM by providing valid information.
System shall display a registration window on the STM website for each user (pedestrians, vehicle owners, traffic police).
User shall provide valid details to create an account on the STM website.
Upon successful registration, the system shall redirect the user to the validation page of the Admin on STM.
User shall be able to issue complaints to traffic police as pedestrians or vehicle owners.
System shall provide a Complaints Issued dialog box on the website for every user.
User (vehicle owners, pedestrians) shall provide valid information to traffic police through the admin.
After submitting the complaint, the system shall display a validation form for every user.
User shall have secure access to confidential data (user's details) using SSL encryption.
System shall ensure 24x7 availability, allowing users to access the system at any time.
System shall be designed with better component design to ensure better performance during peak times.
A flexible service-based architecture shall be implemented to facilitate future extensions.
User shall enter the mobile number and receive an OTP for verification.
System shall verify the mobile number and prompt for first name and last name.
Email input shall be optional during sign-up.
Upon successful verification, the app home page shall be opened.
User shall enter registered name and mobile number for login.
System shall verify the details and navigate to the home page upon correct input.
User shall provide name, date of birth, place of birth, and time of birth for reading details.
System shall display a successful message after reading and storing the details in the database.
User shall interact with astrologers through calls or chats by selecting required time and type of interaction.
System shall display available astrologers for interaction based on user input.
Astrologers shall sign up by providing personal and skill details and completing an assignment.
Upon successful signup, the system shall navigate to the app home page with different options.
User shall input current location for displaying today's Panchang.
System shall display sunrise and sunset timings, nakshatra, sunsign, moonsign, and lagna chart based on the location.
Settings shall include notification settings, app language change, and help menu.
System shall display information and settings related to the required setting based on user input.
System shall be able to handle a large number of users concurrently.
Connections for chats and calls must remain uninterrupted.
User accessibility and information must be secured through appropriate measures.
Verification of users signing up as astrologers must be ensured.
Interaction between users must be secured to maintain privacy.
The system must be recoverable in case of any failures or problems.
The system should perform its intended function without failure for a specified period.
Performance must meet specified requirements even under high user load.
The system must comply with specifications and maintain an acceptable level of performance.
User shall be able to access the login screen.
User shall be prompted to enter email and password.
System shall verify the entered credentials in the database.
If the validation fails, system shall prompt "Wrong email or password".
If the validation succeeds, user shall be redirected to the user-home page.
User shall be able to access the "forgot password" page from the login screen.
User shall input their email for password reset.
System shall send OTP to the user's mobile and email.
User shall enter the received OTP.
System shall validate the entered OTP.
If the validation succeeds, user shall be redirected to the "Password reset" page.
If the validation fails, system shall prompt "Wrong OTP".
User shall input a new password.
System shall validate the new password according to specified criteria.
If the password meets the criteria, system shall prompt "Password Changed".
If the password does not meet the criteria, system shall prompt "Enter 8 characters".
User shall be able to create an account by providing personal details.
System shall validate the provided details.
System shall generate and send OTP for mobile and email verification.
User shall input the received OTP for verification.
System shall validate the OTP.
If the validation fails, system shall prompt "OTP doesnt match".
User shall provide additional details such as voter ID, bank account number, etc.
System shall prompt "OTP sent to mobile and email" for verification.
User shall upload necessary files such as birth proof, residence proof, etc.
System shall validate the selected files according to specified criteria.
User shall select the type of passport (Tatkaal or normal).
System shall display the processing fee for the selected type of passport.
User shall enter their full name and date for last time authorization.
System shall save the application status as "Payment Pending" in the database.
System shall redirect the user to the payment gateway for payment.
User shall select the mode of payment.
System shall process the payment and save the transaction number to the database.
System shall display the transaction number for reference.
System shall display the submitted application form with all entered data.
User shall be able to search for recent transactions using the transaction number.
System shall display the payment amount and corresponding application number on successful search.
User shall check the current status of their application using the application number.
System shall display the status of the application on successful search.
User shall be asked for re-submission of documents if necessary.
User shall be able to log out by clicking on the logout button.
System shall destroy the browser session upon logout.
System shall display a message "Logged Out" upon successful logout.
User shall be able to access the login screen for authorized users.
User shall input their email and password.
System shall validate the entered credentials in the database.
If the validation succeeds, user shall be redirected to the authorized-user-home page.
User shall have the option to choose to view "tatkaal" or "normal" applicants.
User shall select from the dropdown menu.
System shall redirect to a page with respective selected type.
System shall display all data for pending passport approvals.
User shall be able to list all pending applied passports date wise.
System shall load data from the database.
User shall have a "check" option corresponding to every passport.
User shall click on any particular passport for checking data.
System shall load the data corresponding to the particular passport reference number.
System shall display all necessary data, including full name, email, mobile, etc.
User shall have access to an "Edit application status" page.
User shall select from a dropdown menu containing various application status options.
System shall update the status of a particular application number with the selected status.
System shall display a message "Status updated" upon successful update.
User shall be able to perform tasks even if thousands of applicants are applying simultaneously.
System shall ensure high data transfer rate.
System shall maintain a quick response rate.
Applicants' accessibility shall be ensured in all possible ways.
Applicants shall be advised to change their passwords monthly.
System shall utilize SSL (Secured Socket Layer) certificate for protection.
System shall perform proper validation of data before sending it to the database.
System shall prioritize security and performance as software quality attributes.
The passport management website must be available 24 hours a day.
The passport management website should provide maximal security.
New features can be added to the passport management system.
Corrective Maintenance: Any unidentified bugs need to be fixed promptly.
Adaptive Maintenance: The software should be compatible with all web-browsing capable browsers.
Perfective Maintenance: New features may be added post product delivery.
User shall be able to add new patients to the system.
System shall allow front-desk staff to assign a unique ID to each patient and add it to the patients record.
Administrative staff in the ward shall be able to delete the patient's ID from the system upon checkout.
Administrative staff in the ward shall be able to update the beds-available list with recently vacated beds.
HPIMS shall generate patient reports including patients PHN, name, ward name, bed number, and assigned doctors name.
HPIMS shall generate bed availability reports including ward name, bed number, and status (occupied/unoccupied).
Each patient shall have mandatory information including first name, last name, phone number, personal health number, address, postal code, city, country, and patient identification number.
HPIMS shall allow users to update any patient information as necessary.
The system shall provide a login form for users to access the system.
The homepage of Apollo hospitals system shall serve as the main interface for users.
In Patient Registration Form shall capture necessary information for registering patients.
User shall experience response times of 1 second or less when accessing patient information.
System must support concurrent access by up to 1000 users simultaneously.
User interface screens shall respond to user inputs within 5 seconds.
The system must conform to Microsoft Accessibility standards for accessibility compliance.
The user will select the add task option.
Add task page will be opened consisting of minimum three fields.
First field will be add task name.
Second field will be date of task completion.
Third field will be time of task completion.
When the user presses add, system must check if the the name, date and time fields are completed.
The fields shall be typed-in or entered through voice command.
The task shall be stored in database.
The system shall warn the user that the particular field is mandatory and allow the user to continue completing.
The user shall be able to select any task for the previously existing tasks and shall be able to edit its name, date or day.
The user shall select the edit task option.
Edit task page will be opened.
User shall be able to change name, date or day of the existing task.
Edited task cannot be saved if the new name of it is empty.
System shall prevent saving edits to a task unless a task is selected first.
The user shall select and delete a task in one action.
The system shall confirm deletion of the selected task.
If user answers positive then this task will be deleted else the deleted command will be cancelled.
The user shall be able to view tasks.
User shall select the option of view completed tasks.
System must show any task that is completed in the task list.
User shall not be able to choose show completed tasks, if these tasks are already shown.
The user shall be able to select the option of view incompleted tasks.
Upon utilizing this feature, the system shall display all pending tasks.
If all the tasks are already completed, no task will appear in the view option. 
The system shall smartly categorize tasks and group all similar ones together.
The user shall choose their desired alarm tone.
The system shall remind the user of the task with their chosen ringtone.
The program shall be free software for maximum public benefit through unrestricted redistribution.
For copyright safety, all files shall include at least the copyright line.
The user shall be contactable by both electronic and paper mail.
Databases shall be protected by username and password authentication.
The program shall provide the user ease and functionality without any charge.
This program shall be your one-stop shop for getting things done and achieving peace of mind.
software shall be eco-friendly.
It shall be usable by professionals, the unemployed, and students.
System shall find diverse applications.
This software shall be a great means for the ecosystem.
Developing this product native-first enables cross-platform functionality.
Tasks shall be CRUDable (Create, Read, Update, Delete) across Windows PC, mobile apps (future implementation), and car systems (future implementation), with primary focus on the Windows PC experience.
The software shall offer an essential non-functional requirement highlighting its operation.
The software will only be operational when a user is registered.
Guest accounts shall not be allowed.
There shall be a feature to locate affiliated cinemas based on user's location for a chosen day.
Shall a city be selected, all theatres and movies showing on that day shall be listed.
If a movie is selected, there shall be a list of all theatres in that city where it is playing, along with show times.
Users shall be able to book a movie through the service.
The service shall be able to show the seating arrangement and available seats, allowing users to book the desired number of seats.
Users shall be able to put a hold on selected seats for five minutes before finalizing and making payment.
There shall be an option for users to wait if they would like to see if tickets for a particular show might become available.
Waiting customers shall be serviced in a fair First-Come-First-Served (FCFS) manner.
The system shall use SSL in all transactions that include any confidential customer information.
The system shall not leave any cookies on the customers computer containing the users password.
The systems back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
The system shall store all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover.
The overall program shall be as reliable as its least reliable component.
The system's reliability shall be primarily dependent on a continuously maintained and updated database backup that reflects the latest changes.
For the system to be stable, the container and its underlying operating system shall be stable.
The system shall be designed for high availability and accessible via a web browser, with the only access interruptions occurring during scheduled server downtime.
In the event of hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page shall be displayed.
Upon hardware failure or database corruption, administrator shall retrieve and save backups, followed by service restart for 24/7 availability.
A commercial database shall manage the data while the application server handles the website.
In case of a failure, a re-initialization of program will be done.
The software shall be designed modularly to ensure efficient maintainability.
The system shall run on PC, Laptops, and PDA etc.
The system shall define what data can be entered, how it should be formatted, and any rules for validating the data.
The system shall document the functionality of each screen, how users interact with it, and how the system responds.
The system shall outline the step-by-step process for completing tasks within the system.
The system shall specify the content, format, and criteria for generating reports and other data outputs.
The system shall document who can enter data by defining user roles and permissions.
The system shall be designed and implemented to meet relevant regulations and document how it complies.
The system shall restrict the field to accept only numeric data entry.
The system shall restrict the entry of dates in a specific field to only those prior to the current date.
The system shall provide a mechanism for users to print the displayed data on a selected printer.
The system shall require data entry to be completed before a request can be approved.
The system shall move the request to the Approval Workflow upon clicking the Approve Button.
All personnel using the system will be trained according to internal SOP AA-101.
The database will have a functional audit trail.
The system will limit access to authorized users.
The system shall enable securing data within spreadsheets using electronic signatures.
The system shall allow Data Entry group members to create requests but restrict approval and deletion permissions.
The system shall allow the Managers group to enter/approve requests but deny deletion privileges.
The system shall allow Administrators to delete requests but not enter or approve them.
The system shall allow the user to change following personal contact information:
The system shall allow the user to customize the following interface settings.
1.1.1.1 The system shall allow user to specify custom meeting locations.
The system shall allow the user to specify an ascending or descending sorting order when viewing meetings.
The system shall notify all involved participants if any the following information about the meeting is modified.
The system shall allow users to act on behalf of another user.
The system shall restrict the user's operation within its user role.
The system shall conform to HTML standards and therefore support different web browsers including, but not limited to Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera and Safari.
The system shall define data for monitoring digital wellbeing metrics (e.g., app usage, sleep patterns).
The system shall provide screens to view tracked metrics, set goals, and configure monitoring settings.
The system shall allow users to track app usage, monitor sleep patterns, and manage screen time limits.
The system shall prompt users to take breaks based on predefined settings or usage patterns.
The system shall generate reports and visualizations to track progress towards digital wellbeing goals.
The system shall implement user authentication and access controls based on user roles (e.g., standard user, administrator).
The system shall respond to user interactions with minimal latency.
The system shall be highly available and minimize downtime.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate a growing user base.
The system shall protect user data with robust security measures (e.g., encryption).
The system shall provide an intuitive and user-friendly interface.
The system shall collect and store user data in accordance with privacy regulations and user consent.
The system (PowerPoint) shall allow users to create and edit text content for slides.
The system shall allow users to import and manage various data formats like images, videos, and audio files within presentations.
The system shall allow users to define layouts and themes for presentations.
The system shall allow users to create new presentations or open existing ones.
The system shall allow users to insert, edit, and delete slides within a presentation.
The system shall provide various formatting options for text, images, and other content elements on slides.
The system shall allow users to define transitions and animations for slides within a presentation.
The system shall allow users to insert speaker notes for slides.
The system shall allow users to create a presentation by adding slides, defining content, and applying formatting.
The system shall allow users to collaborate on presentations by sharing and editing them with others.
The system shall allow users to deliver presentations in various modes, including full-screen mode and slide sorter view.
The system shall allow users to export presentations in various file formats like PPTX, PPT, PDF, and video formats.
The system shall allow users to print presentations with customizable layouts and settings.
The system shall be intuitive and easy to learn for users with varying levels of experience.
The system shall operate smoothly and respond to user actions with minimal delay.
The system shall protect presentations from unauthorized access and modification.
The system shall be compatible with various operating systems and file formats.
The system shall be available for use with minimal downtime.
The system (Microsoft Excel) shall allow users to enter various data types including numbers, text, dates, and formulas.
The system shall define data formats for cells (e.g., currency, percentages, dates) and enforce those formats.
The system shall offer validation rules to ensure data entered meets specific criteria (e.g., positive numbers only).
The system shall allow users to enter data into cells arranged in a grid (rows and columns).
The system shall allow users to perform basic mathematical operations (+, -, *, /) on data in cells.
The system shall offer a wide range of functions for calculations, data analysis, and manipulation (e.g., SUM, AVERAGE, VLOOKUP).
The system shall allow users to create charts and graphs to visualize data.
The system shall allow users to format cells and worksheets for presentation purposes (e.g., fonts, borders, colors).
The system shall allow users to create new spreadsheets or open existing ones.
The system shall allow users to save spreadsheets in various file formats (e.g., XLSX, XLS).
The system shall allow users to collaborate on spreadsheets with others (may require additional configurations).
The system shall allow users to print spreadsheets or specific ranges of data.
The system shall allow users to export data to other formats (e.g., CSV, PDF).
The system shall allow for password protection of spreadsheets to restrict access.
The system shall operate efficiently and respond to user actions within a reasonable timeframe.
The system shall be able to handle large and complex spreadsheets without significant performance degradation.
The system shall save user data frequently and offer options for automatic backups to minimize data loss.
The system shall recover gracefully from crashes or errors, minimizing data corruption.
The system shall have a user-friendly interface with clear menus, buttons, and icons.
The system shall offer comprehensive online help and documentation for users of all skill levels.
The system shall protect user data from unauthorized access or modification.
The system shall offer options for data encryption to further enhance security.
The system shall be compatible with various operating systems and hardware configurations.
The system shall be able to open and work with spreadsheets created in previous versions of Excel (with potential limitations).
The system (MS Forms) shall define the data types allowed for each question (e.g., text, number, date).
The system shall allow for setting validation rules on data entry (e.g., required fields, format restrictions).
The system shall allow users to create new forms with various question types (e.g., multiple choice, Likert scale).
The system shall allow users to edit and modify existing forms.
The system shall allow users to preview forms before publishing.
The system shall allow users to publish forms and share them with specific audiences.
The system shall allow users to collect responses and view submitted data.
The system shall allow users to analyze responses through charts and graphs.
The system shall guide users through the process of creating and publishing a form.
The system shall provide a clear workflow for collecting and analyzing responses.
The system shall allow users to export collected data in various formats (e.g., Excel, CSV).
The system shall provide basic data visualizations like charts and graphs for response analysis.
The system shall allow defining user roles and permissions for form access (e.g., create, edit, view).
The system shall comply with relevant data privacy regulations based on usage (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA).
The system shall respond to user actions within a reasonable timeframe.
The system shall be able to handle a high volume of form submissions without performance degradation.
The system shall be highly available and accessible to users most of the time.
The system shall be able to scale to accommodate an increasing number of users and forms.
The system shall implement security measures to protect user data from unauthorized access.
The system shall employ encryption for sensitive data transmission and storage.
The system shall be user-friendly and intuitive for users of all technical abilities.
The system shall be capable of supporting multiple languages for user interface and data presentation.
The system shall allow adding, editing, and deleting medicine information (name, composition, dosage, etc.).
The system shall maintain an inventory of medicines with stock levels and track expiration dates.
The system shall allow processing of prescriptions received electronically or manually.
The system shall validate prescriptions against doctor's licenses and patient profiles.
The system shall perform drug interaction checks to ensure patient safety.
The system shall allow processing of medicine orders by patients.
The system shall integrate with inventory to check stock availability and prevent overselling.
The system shall offer various order fulfillment options (in-store pickup, delivery).
The system shall allow creating and managing patient profiles with medical history and allergies.
The system shall ensure patient data privacy and comply with HIPAA regulations (if applicable).
The system shall generate reports on sales, inventory, prescriptions dispensed, etc.
The system shall allow filtering and exporting reports for further analysis.
The system shall respond to user actions within an acceptable time frame (e.g., 2 seconds).
The system shall handle high volumes of concurrent users without performance degradation.
The system shall implement strong authentication and authorization mechanisms.
The system shall encrypt sensitive data (patient information, prescriptions) at rest and in transit.
The system shall maintain audit logs to track user activity and data changes.
The system shall be highly available with minimal downtime for maintenance.
The system shall have a disaster recovery plan to ensure data integrity and system functionality in case of outages.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate future growth in the number of users, medicines, and transactions.
The system shall have a user-friendly interface that is easy to learn and navigate for both staff and patients (if applicable).
The system shall provide clear instructions and error messages to guide users.
The system shall accept user input for origin and destination stations.
The system shall search for train schedules based on the provided origin and destination.
The system shall display a list of matching train schedules to the user.
The system shall allow users to select a specific train schedule for further details (e.g., departure time, platform number).
The system may optionally provide real-time train location information if available.
The system shall respond to user queries within a reasonable timeframe (e.g., 2 seconds).
The system shall be available to users 24/7 with minimal downtime.
The system interface shall be user-friendly and easy to navigate for users with varying technical skills.
The system shall be secure and protect user privacy by following data security best practices.
The system shall display information clearly and accurately.
The system shall store car information including make, model, year, and color.
The system shall allow users to search for cars by make, model, or year.
The system shall allow authorized users to add new car information.
The system shall allow authorized users to edit existing car information.
The system shall allow authorized users to delete car information.
The system shall display car information in a user-friendly format.
The system shall have a response time of less than 5 seconds for basic operations.
The system shall be secure and protect user data with appropriate access controls.
The system user interface shall be user-friendly and easy to navigate.
The system shall generate reports on car information upon request.
The system shall create a complete copy of data from the source phone to the target phone.
The system shall allow users to select specific data to clone (e.g., contacts, messages, call history).
The system shall securely transfer data between the source and target phones.
The system shall provide progress indicators during the cloning process.
The system shall offer the option to erase data on the source phone after cloning (optional).
The system shall be compatible with a variety of phone models (e.g., specify Android and/or iOS).
The system shall complete the cloning process within a reasonable timeframe (define reasonable timeframe).
The system shall be user-friendly and easy to navigate.
The system shall be secure and protect user data throughout the cloning process.
The system shall define data formats (e.g., ePUB, PDF) for uploading and displaying ebooks.
The system shall allow users to search for ebooks by title, author, genre, etc. and browse curated collections.
The system shall provide features for adjusting font size, background color, and text-to-speech functionality.
The system shall allow users to highlight text, add notes, and create bookmarks.
The system shall enable users to organize ebooks into collections, download for offline reading, and track reading progress.
The system shall facilitate secure purchase of ebooks and manage downloads with progress indicators.
The system shall maintain responsiveness during peak usage with minimal loading times for ebook browsing and opening.
The system shall employ encryption for user data and financial transactions, following industry security standards.
The system shall be highly available with minimal downtime, ensuring access to ebooks for users.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate a growing user base and data volume.
The user interface shall be intuitive and accessible, catering to users with varying levels of technical expertise.
The system shall support multiple languages for user interface elements, potentially including multilingual ebooks.
The system shall scan documents and convert them into digital files (e.g., PDF, JPG, PNG) as specified by the user.
The system shall allow users to select the desired output format for the scanned document.
The system shall offer functionalities for enhancing scanned documents (e.g., adjusting brightness, contrast).
The system shall enable users to save scanned documents in a designated location.
The system shall accept documents through various methods (e.g., camera capture, file upload).
The system shall be user-friendly and easy to navigate for users with varying technical skills.
The system shall have a fast scanning and conversion speed to minimize user wait time.
The system shall produce high-quality scanned documents with clear and legible text.
The system shall be secure and protect scanned documents from unauthorized access using encryption and access controls.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate increasing document volumes without performance degradation.
The system shall be reliable and function consistently with minimal downtime.
The system shall allow users to add expenses with details including amount, date, payer, and optional split among participants.
The system shall allow users to specify how an expense is split among participants (e.g., equally, proportionally, custom).
The system shall allow users to create, join, and leave groups for shared expense management.
The system shall automatically calculate and display individual balances (IOUs) among group members based on expenses.
The system shall offer functionalities for users to mark debts as settled (e.g., by cash payment) and update balances accordingly.
The system shall generate reports summarizing group expenses, individual balances, and settlement history.
The system shall respond to user actions promptly and efficiently, even with a large number of users and expenses.
The system shall be highly available and accessible to users most of the time with minimal downtime.
The system shall protect user data (financial information, group details) with robust security measures and access controls.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate a growing user base and increasing amount of data without performance degradation.
The system shall have a user-friendly interface that is intuitive and easy to navigate for users with varying technical skills.
The system shall be adaptable to different languages and currencies to cater to a global user base (optional).
User shall be able to create a new account by providing their email address and password, which must meet specific criteria.
System shall authenticate users using Django's authentication module and session-based authentication.
User shall be guided to a login page after successfully registering, where they can enter their credentials to access the application.
User shall be redirected to the landing page upon successful login.
User shall have the option to log out by clicking on a logout button in the navigation bar.
User shall be able to add properties to the website by providing all necessary information about the property.
System shall validate the information provided by the user using JavaScript on the client side.
User shall have the option to add photographs of the property using either drag-and-drop functionality or by selecting images from their files.
System shall utilize the Dropzone JavaScript library for drag-and-drop functionality.
User shall be able to add the location of the property by clicking on the map to add a marker.
System shall use Mapbox APIs for geolocation functionality.
User shall be able to search for properties based on specific criteria such as location, area, and number of bedrooms.
System shall utilize Mapbox APIs to display locations of properties on the map.
User shall have the ability to shortlist or save properties they are interested in for future reference.
System shall use AJAX calls for shortlisting properties, employing jQuery on the client side.
User shall be able to delete properties they have added to the system.
System shall use AJAX calls for deleting properties, utilizing jQuery on the client side.
User shall be able to remove properties from their list of shortlisted properties.
System shall use AJAX calls for removing shortlisted properties, employing jQuery on the client side.
User shall have the option to add advertisements on the website by providing necessary specifications about the property.
User shall be able to access the application without interruption, demonstrating scalability.
Backup power supply must be available for the server to ensure continuous operation in case of power failure.
API keys utilized by the application shall remain confidential and not be exposed as open source.
Regular backups of the code shall be taken at defined intervals to prevent data loss.
User passwords shall be hashed before storage in the database to maintain security.
Passwords must meet specific criteria, including a minimum length of 8 characters, at least one uppercase character, one digit, and one special symbol.
The website shall utilize HTTPS protocol to enhance security during data transmission.
POST requests shall be used for transferring sensitive information, such as authentication details and property data, through forms.
The user interface should prioritize simplicity and avoid cluttering with excessive information to enhance usability.
The system should maintain high availability, ensuring uninterrupted operation at all times.
Reliability shall be ensured to prevent data loss in case of server failure during ongoing operations.
The codebase shall be well-maintained with clean coding practices and thorough documentation to facilitate ease of maintenance.
Comments shall be included in the codebase to aid new programmers and developers in making modifications.
The code shall be accompanied by proper test cases to identify and address any errors during production.
The administrator of the application shall possess full control over system management and operations.
User shall be able to create a profile and set credentials for authentication.
System shall authenticate user credentials to grant access to the profile.
User shall be able to update profile information as needed.
User shall enter search text on the screen to find matching products based on the search.
User shall have the option to select multiple search criteria.
User shall navigate between search results to view different products.
System shall notify the user when no matching product is found during the search.
System shall provide a shopping bag feature during online purchase.
User shall add or remove products from the shopping bag as desired.
User shall confirm orders from the shopping bag to proceed with the purchase.
System shall display available payment methods for the user to choose from during checkout.
User shall select a preferred payment method, such as credit card or cash on delivery.
User shall enter card details for online payment, with the system verifying their validity.
If paying by cash on delivery, user shall enter address details for order confirmation.
System shall allow user to track shipments by entering order information.
System shall display current tracking information about the order, including location and delivery time estimation.
System shall notify the seller about the delivery of the product to the customer.
User shall access the e-store in multiple languages for enhanced accessibility.
User shall have access to handicap-friendly features for improved accessibility.
User shall interact with the e-store through icons and toolbars for a user-friendly experience.
User shall experience a consistent look and feel across all web pages of the e-store.
User shall view pictures related to each product in the product details for better understanding.
The reliability of the e-store depends on the reliability of its separate components.
The database backup shall be continuously maintained and updated for reliability.
System shall replicate databases to off-site storage locations for backup.
System shall store all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover for reliability.
System shall utilize RAID V Disk Stripping on all database storage disks for reliability.
System shall have a contractual agreement with an internet service provider for T3 access with 99.9999% availability.
System shall have a contractual agreement with an internet service provider for 99.999% availability through their network facilities.
All transactions with the customer's web browser shall be confirmed by the system for secure data transfer.
System shall not store any cookies containing the user's password or confidential information on the customer's computer.
System shall use secure sockets for all transactions involving confidential customer information.
System shall automatically log out customers after a period of inactivity for security.
Customer's password shall not be displayed in plain text in the web browser, only represented by special characters.
Customer's credit card number shall only display the last 4 digits after retrieval from the database.
System's back-end servers shall not display the customer's password, only reset it if necessary.
System's back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators for security.
System's back-end databases shall be encrypted to protect customer data.
User shall sign up or sign in using their email ID and password.
System shall create a new database and register the user upon sign up.
System shall authenticate user credentials from the database upon sign in.
User shall search for videos by entering keywords.
System shall display videos related to the entered keywords.
User shall share videos with friends and family by selecting them from the friend list.
System shall notify the user upon successful sharing of the video.
User shall download videos by clicking on the download button.
System shall display a pop-up confirming the successful download of the video.
User shall upload videos by clicking on the upload button and selecting the file to upload.
System shall display a pop-up confirming the successful upload of the file.
User shall navigate to different sections: Home, Trending, and Subscription.
System shall display options for Home, Trending, and Subscription upon selecting the navigation section.
Upon selecting Home, system shall display videos based on user history, subscription, and search.
Upon selecting Trending, system shall display location-based most popular videos.
Upon selecting Subscription, system shall display videos from channels subscribed by the user.
User shall access the Library section containing History, Watch Later, and Liked Videos options.
System shall display History section showing all the videos watched by the user.
System shall display Watch Later section showing all the videos added by the user for later viewing.
System shall display Liked Videos section showing all the videos liked by the user.
User will need a device capable of playing a 144p resolution video.
User will require a minimum internet connection speed of 500kbps to play videos without buffering.
In case of extensive database damage, a backup method will restore a previous copy of the database and switch to backup servers to keep the site operational.
All private data uploaded by users will be strictly confidential to other users, and users will be able to report suspicious activity to the security department.
The site will be available to users 24/7.
Maintenance and updates of the site will be carried out by developers and a team of software engineers.
The site should be usable anywhere with internet connectivity and a compatible device.
User shall be able to create a LeetCode account with their email, username, and password.
System shall be able to display a confirmation message upon successful registration.
User shall be able to log in to their LeetCode account using their email and password.
System shall be able to grant access to the user's dashboard upon successful authentication.
User shall be able to access coding problems across various difficulty levels and categories.
System shall be able to display the problem statement and coding environment based on the user's selection of problem category and difficulty level.
User shall be able to submit their solutions to coding problems.
System shall be able to provide submission status (Accepted, Wrong Answer, Time Limit Exceeded, etc.) for user's code solutions.
User shall be able to participate in discussions related to coding problems by commenting, asking questions, and providing answers.
System shall be able to display forum threads and replies.
User shall be able to view and edit their profile information.
System shall be able to display the user's profile with options to edit information.
User shall be able to interact with the platform to create a LeetCode account, providing their email, username, and password.
System shall display a confirmation message upon successful registration of the LeetCode account.
User shall be able to log in to their LeetCode account using their email and password credentials.
System shall grant access to the user's dashboard upon successful authentication.
System shall display the problem statement and coding environment based on the user's selection of problem category and difficulty level.
System shall provide submission status (Accepted, Wrong Answer, Time Limit Exceeded, etc.) for the user's code solutions.
System shall display forum threads and replies for user engagement.
System shall display the user's profile with options to edit information.
User shall be able to click on an address to open Google Maps in a new tab.
User shall be able to anonymously view public information, such as recycling centers near their location, before creating an account.
User shall be able to enter their zip code to receive a list of nearby recycling facilities.
User shall be able to view the operating hours of each recycling facility.
User shall have the option to select flexible pick-up times for recycling services.
User shall be able to select different types of recyclable waste and view a list of facilities that accept each type, along with their opening hours.
User shall be able to add donation centers as favorites on their profile.
User shall be able to provide their email ID to receive notifications for new events.
User shall be able to view a map display of public recycling bins and special waste drop-off sites in their area.
User shall be able to view ongoing safe disposal events in their area.
User shall receive feedback when entering an invalid zip code.
User shall be able to create an account to access additional features and create their own profile.
Admin shall be able to add or remove recycling facility information to ensure users have access to the most recent information.
Admin shall be able to read users' feedback and complaints to improve the service provided.
User shall be able to check transaction history and keep records.
User shall experience a great UI and UX for a pleasant navigation experience.
User shall be able to access the site on all electronic devices.
Developer shall access an API from the website for integration into other applications.
User shall receive tempting rewards for using the website.
User shall link their email account to their profile for password recovery.
User shall be able to contact administrators for feedback or assistance.
Admin shall be able to add recycling center information to keep the database up-to-date.
Admin shall view user error logs to address issues faced by users.
Admin shall onboard recycling centers on the platform to increase information accuracy.
Superuser shall update recycling center information to provide the latest details.
Superuser shall view users' stats to monitor website usage.
Superuser shall reply to user questions to provide assistance.
Admin shall have a dashboard showing usage stats and locations for insights.
Admin shall communicate directly with facilities to keep them updated about website features.
Recycling facility representative shall update facility information and accepted materials to avoid miscommunication.
Recycling facility representative shall access user stats and schedules to adjust operations.
Recycling facility shall communicate directly with site admin to address any issues or concerns.
All data shall be encrypted to prevent theft during server breaches or attacks.
User's personal information shall be securely stored to prevent identity theft.
Admin shall handle all users' activities for efficient management.
Company shall have an easy-to-use website for step-by-step uploading or deleting of content.
Employee shall receive quick notifications for prompt action.
Company accountant shall view all available activity fees online for easy billing.
Developer shall use Bootstrap during development for easy website design.
Developer shall attend UI/UX lessons for developing a visually appealing website.
Admin shall be able to block specific users based on IP address to prevent spamming.
Admin shall have access to a dashboard monitoring all site statuses and user activities.
Executive shall have full access to company-related data for performance evaluation.
User shall be able to view the updated date and time in the header information box.
User shall receive a more helpful file-level error message when uploading a file with the wrong extension.
Tester shall have access to test features in environments other than Staging.
FABS user shall have submission errors accurately represent FABS errors.
Agency user shall be able to accurately see who created a submission.
Agency user shall be able to understand file-level errors better.
Developer shall provide FABS groups that function under the FREC paradigm.
Tester shall ensure that FABS properly derives fields through robust testing.
Broker user shall be able to submit records for individual recipients without receiving a DUNS error.
User shall receive more information about the number of rows to be published before deciding to publish.
Developer shall prevent duplicate transactions from being published and address the time gap between validation and publishing decision.
Broker user shall have updated error codes that accurately reflect logic and provide enough information.
Agency user shall be able to leave off the last 4 digits of the ZIP without an error.
Data user shall access two additional fields from the FPDS data pull.
FABS user shall have additional helpful information in the submission dashboard.
FABS user shall be able to download the uploaded FABS file.
Developer shall quickly access Broker application data for investigation.
Developer shall determine the best way to load historical FPDS data.
FABS user shall have appropriate language on FABS pages.
FABS user shall not receive DABS banner messages and vice versa.
FABS user shall have read-only access to DABS.
FABS user shall have validations run in a reasonable amount of time.
FABS user shall see correct status labels on the Submission Dashboard.
Agency user shall know when the submission periods start and end.
Agency user shall have a landing page to navigate to either FABS or DABS pages.
Agency user shall submit data elements surrounded by quotation marks to prevent Excel from stripping leading and trailing zeroes.
User shall view the header information box showing the updated date and time.
User shall receive more helpful file-level error messages for better troubleshooting.
Tester shall access test features in environments other than Staging for comprehensive testing.
FABS user shall receive submission errors accurately reflecting FABS errors for efficient problem resolution.
FABS user shall access frontend URLs accurately reflecting the accessed page for clarity.
Agency user shall have all historical Financial Assistance data loaded for FABS go-live for completeness.
Developer shall ensure the historical FPDS data loader includes both extracted historical data and FPDS feed data for comprehensive data analysis.
Agency user shall accurately see who created a submission for accountability and collaboration purposes.
Agency user shall receive File F in the correct format to prevent data formatting issues.
Agency user shall have a better understanding of file-level errors to streamline data submission processes.
Developer shall provide FABS groups functioning under the FREC paradigm for consistency and efficiency.
Tester shall ensure FABS properly derives fields through robust testing for accurate data processing.
Broker user shall submit records for individual recipients without receiving a DUNS error for smooth data submission.
User shall receive information about the number of rows to be published before deciding whether to publish for informed decision-making.
Developer shall prevent duplicate transactions from being published and manage the time gap between validation and publishing decision for data integrity.
FABS user shall successfully submit a citywide as a PPoPZIP and pass validations for comprehensive data submission.
Broker user shall have updated error codes reflecting logic and providing sufficient information for fixing submissions for efficient troubleshooting.
Agency user shall leave off the last 4 digits of the ZIP without encountering an error for seamless data submission.
FABS user shall ensure historical data includes all necessary columns for correct database information to prevent data inconsistencies.
Data user shall access two additional fields from the FPDS data pull for comprehensive data analysis.
FABS user shall have additional helpful info in the submission dashboard for better management and oversight of submissions.
FABS user shall download the uploaded FABS file for record-keeping and review purposes.
Developer shall quickly access Broker application data to investigate issues and improve system performance.
Developer shall determine the best way to load historical FPDS data since 2007 for comprehensive data integration.
FABS user shall have appropriate language on FABS pages for better user experience and understanding.
FABS user shall not receive DABS banner messages and vice versa for clear communication and information presentation.
FABS user shall have read-only access to DABS for reference and information retrieval purposes.
FABS user shall have validations run in a reasonable amount of time for efficient data processing.
FABS user shall see correct status labels on the Submission Dashboard for quick submission history overview for better tracking and monitoring.
Agency user shall know the submission periods' start and end dates for timely data submission.
Agency user shall have a landing page to navigate to either FABS or DABS pages for easy access to different functionalities.
Agency user shall submit data elements surrounded by quotation marks to prevent Excel from stripping leading and trailing zeroes for data integrity.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to edit a published dataset.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to edit the model of imported data .
A Data Publishing User shall be able to delete a published dataset.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to edit the data source of imported data.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to import data in various formats (Excel, JSON, Google Spreadsheet, Fiscal Data Package).
A Data Publishing User shall be able to provide additional GeoJSON sources.
A Data Publishing User shall have a view of all their published datasets.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to add a dataset in a hidden state.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to hide a public dataset.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to validate a CSV file before publishing.
A Data Publishing User shall have a functioning Python Client for bulk data uploads.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to filter, sort, and aggregate data.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to download data as CSV.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to change currency display.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to see descriptions for visualizations.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to share visualizations via URL.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to download view state images.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to share view state images on social media.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to zoom into maps.
A Data Consuming User shall be able to search for datasets by title and metadata.
A Data Consuming User shall have default visualizations for multi-year datasets.
A Platform Administrator shall be able to hide public datasets.
A Platform Administrator shall have a view of all published datasets
A Platform Administrator shall be able to delete any dataset.
An API User shall be able to identify Data Publishers.
An API User shall be able to identify Administrators.
An API User shall be able to retrieve bordering regions/cities.
An API User shall be able to request dynamic polygons based on queries.
An API User shall be able to use HASC codes for data visualization.
An API User shall be able to download cube-based queries as CSV.
An API User shall be able to convert monetary measures to different currencies.
An API User shall be able to use metadata to retrieve data from multiple datasets.
An API User shall be able to use data to retrieve data from multiple datasets.
An API User shall be able to normalize measures by population.
An API User shall be able to normalize measures by geographical area.
An API User shall be able to normalize measures by GDP.
An API User shall be able to normalize measures by GINI and related indexes.
An API User shall be able to calculate relative percentages within datasets.
An API User shall be able to persistently store visualization states.
A Data Publishing User shall be able to update their dataset automatically with source file changes.
The platform shall have a blog highlighting open fiscal projects.
Users shall be able to set their usernames for data discoverability.
The platform shall offer a Python Client for data uploads.
The platform shall have a community app showcasing data visualization examples.
The platform shall offer embedded visualization color customization.
The platform shall allow embedded viewer styling customization.
The platform shall allow translation of data type hierarchies for embedded viewers.
The system shall allow users to import Data Packages into various platforms like Node.js, Julia, R, Excel, SPSS, STATA, LibreOffice/OpenOffice, Python, Clojure, C++.
The system shall allow users to translate EML datasets to Data Packages.
The system shall allow users to export Data Packages from their Excel spreadsheets and NetCDF files.
The system shall allow users to import data from MS-SQL databases.
The system shall allow users to save new visualizations created within the platform. 
The system shall integrate with analysis tools like Elasticsearch, SPSS, EPrints, Mongo, and DAT. 
The system shall allow users to reference a remote-controlled vocabulary for their datasets.
The system shall allow users to add type information to their data. 
The system shall allow users to include visualizations within Data Packages. 
The system shall allow users to validate Data Packages to ensure data conformity. 
The system shall provide feedback on invalid data points within Data Packages. 
The system shall allow users to add general reference data (e.g., country names, inflation data) to their datasets. 
The system shall allow users to integrate reference data with their datasets for geographic mapping. 
The system shall integrate with data repositories like CKAN and Zenodo for publication and storage. 
The system shall allow users to import/export data from MS-SQL databases using Data Packages.
The system shall allow users to store Data Packages in GitHub and automatically publish them to CKAN. 
The system shall allow users to customize data packaging wizards for specific data types. 
The system shall allow users to add or modify metadata and data columns within Data Packages.
The system shall allow users to package reproducible steps for data acquisition. 
The system shall allow users to generate basic data summaries for Data Packages. 
The system shall allow users to create embeddable data summaries for websites. 
The system shall allow users to create proxy Data Packages for reliable data sources. 
The system shall provide a match-making service to connect data owners with packagers.
The system shall allow users to collaborate on creating and editing Data Packages.
The system shall allow for quick import and export of Data Packages into various platforms.
The system shall provide a user-friendly interface for creating, editing, and managing Data Packages.
The system shall integrate with various data analysis and storage platforms.
The system shall ensure the secure storage and transmission of data within Data Packages.
The system shall be highly available and accessible for data access and management.
The system shall ensure the long-term availability and accessibility of published data.
The system shall allow users to specify funding sources for datasets. 
The system shall allow users to assign DOIs to datasets for citation purposes.
The system shall allow users to preview data within Data Packages before download.
The system shall track user data preview statistics.
The system shall allow site members to create profiles.
The system shall allow members to specify their role (Practitioner, Trainer, etc.). 
The system shall allow members to control the privacy of their profile information (entire profile, email address).
The system shall allow administrators to approve/reject applications for Certified Scrum Practitioner (CSP) and Certified Scrum Trainer (CST) status.
The system shall allow administrators to edit any member profile.
The system shall allow members to create and edit their profile descriptions.
The system shall allow certified members to showcase additional details on their profiles (experience etc.).
The system shall allow members to write articles for the site with an associated graphic.
The system shall allow trainers to list their upcoming classes with links to detailed pages.
The system shall allow site administrators to create news articles with designated publishing dates and expiry dates.
The system shall allow site editors to manage the FAQ section.
The system shall allow site editors to add, edit, and set publishing dates for articles.
The system shall allow trainers to create new courses and events.
The system shall allow trainers to mark courses/events as "Other" and charge a listing fee.
The system shall allow administrators to create "Other" courses/events without a listing fee.
The system shall allow trainers to update or delete their courses/events.
The system shall allow administrators to delete any course/event.
The system shall allow editors to update any course/event.
The system shall allow trainers to convert courses to events and vice versa.
The system shall allow site administrators to set listing fees for "Other" courses/events.
The system shall allow members to download training materials and methodology PDFs (if applicable based on membership level).
The system shall allow visitors to download Scrum-related presentations and PDFs.
The system shall allow recruiters to post job advertisements.
The system shall allow administrators to approve job advertisements before publishing.
The system shall allow administrators to manage job advertisements (edit, delete).
The system shall automatically stop publishing job ads 30 days after posting.
The system shall allow recruiters to extend job ad listings for another 30 days.
The system shall allow editors to add articles to the site.
The system shall allow editors to designate whether articles are publicly available or for members only.
The system shall allow site visitors to search for member profiles based on specific criteria.
The system shall allow visitors to view a list of all upcoming courses, categorized (Certification, Other, Events).
The system shall allow visitors to search for upcoming courses and events using an advanced search option.
The system shall allow visitors to search for articles using a full-text search.
The system shall allow visitors to subscribe to RSS feeds for news, courses/events, and articles.
The system shall allow visitors to easily navigate back to the home page.
The system shall display a list of the most popular site items for visitors.
The system shall allow members to send emails to other members through a contact form.
The system shall allow visitors to post comments on articles.
The system shall allow trainers to view course survey results.
The system shall allow members to renew their memberships.
The system shall allow members to request password resets.
The system shall send email notifications to administrators whenever a job ad is submitted.
The system shall send reminder emails to recruiters before job ad expiry.
The system shall send welcome emails to newly registered CSMs and Product Owners with instructions to activate their membership.
The system shall display article teasers with links to the full articles.
The system shall display trainer ratings on their profile pages.
The system shall include a "What is Scrum" section for visitors.
The system shall display a list of Certified Scrum Masters, Practitioners, Trainers, and Product Owners.
The system shall display the logos of corporate sponsors on a dedicated page and potentially on the homepage (configurable).
The system shall be responsive and perform actions promptly.
The system shall be highly available with minimal downtime.
The system shall have robust security measures to protect user data.
The system shall have a user-friendly and intuitive interface.
The system shall be adaptable to different languages and currencies.
A CMS administrator shall have roles to assign to users.
A content editor shall be able to easily find content to edit.
A content editor shall be able to add videos from Brightcove.
An author shall be able to indent/outdent content.
A user researcher shall develop the user research protocol for internal workflows.
A user researcher shall recruit for the last round of user research.
A user researcher shall continue scheduling interviews for hypothesis #1.
A user researcher shall identify interview participants.
A user researcher shall begin drafting a research plan.
A user researcher shall conduct a user definition workshop with NSF.
A team member shall meet with DIS/cloud.gov to determine requirements for the beta.nsf.gov ATO.
A Visual Designer shall create a moodboard to aid with visual design concepts for the nsf.gov website.
A Visual Designer shall demonstrate the value of visual design to the NSF project team.
A content designer shall demonstrate the value of user-centered content design.
The user research plan shall test the user research plan.
The system shall allow public users to search for information on properties, county services, processes, and general information.
The system shall allow prospective applicants to research requirements and select relevant services or applications to initiate online.
The system shall allow applicants to Request pre-application assistance.
The system shall allow to Submit applications with information, plans, and documents.
The system shall allow to Submit supporting documentation for applications.
The system shall allow to Pay fees associated with services requested.
The system shall allow to Check the status of their transactions.
The system shall allow to Modify information on existing applications.
The system shall allow applicants to request a plan review meeting with plan review staff.
The system shall allow applicants to resubmit revised plans.
The system shall allow applicants to complete building development projects and receive posted bonds or occupancy permits.
The system shall allow applicants to request inspections.
The system shall allow applicants to satisfy hearing requirements before a hearing.
The system shall allow customers to create user accounts for the customer portal to perform authorized transactions.
The system shall allow staff members to perform completeness reviews for applications.
The system shall allow staff members to record internal notes for collaboration on records.
The system shall allow staff members to assign applications for detailed review.
The system shall allow staff members to apply and remove holds on applications to manage workflow.
The system shall allow staff members to send formal responses to applicants.
The system shall allow staff members to track draft proffers submitted by applicants.
The system shall allow staff members to manage approved proffers to ensure compliance.
The system shall allow staff members to manage ordinances to maintain accurate information.
The system shall allow staff members to schedule meetings.
The system shall allow staff members to denote applications with a final action status to finalize them.
The system shall allow staff members to conduct and track plan amendments and planning studies.
The system shall allow staff members to generate planning-related reports.
The system shall allow staff members to evaluate consistency with the comprehensive plan during application reviews.
The system shall allow staff members to perform staff reviews to validate application compliance with zoning ordinances.
The system shall allow staff members to process requests for zoning information.
The system shall allow staff members to issue zoning-related permits upon eligibility and compliance.
The system shall allow staff members to develop staff reports for publication and distribution.
The system shall allow staff members to manage hearing calendars to track activities and deadlines.
The system shall allow staff members to assign hearing dates for applications.
The system shall allow staff members to manage affidavits to ensure compliance before hearings.
The system shall allow staff members to capture hearing decisions for enforcement.
The system shall allow staff members to process appeals to track outcomes and record impacts.
The system shall allow staff members to assign plans for review to appropriate plan reviewers.
The system shall allow staff members to review plans for compliance and approve, fail, or deny them, recording any conditions or corrections needed.
The system shall allow staff members to review code modifications submitted by applicants and associate approved modifications with projects.
The system shall allow staff members to track completion of required plan reviews, ensuring results are sent to applicants and downstream steps are initiated.
The system shall allow staff members to issue development-related permits.
The system shall allow staff members to manage bonds throughout their lifecycle.
The system shall allow staff members to search for property information, including owners, permits, and applications.
The system shall allow staff members to create custom queries/reports for specific needs.
The system shall allow staff members to create condo units and associate them with child parcels and addresses.
The system shall allow staff members to update transactional parcel pins to reference the GIS layer for split or merged parcels.
The system shall allow staff members to send or post citations and fines.
The system shall allow inspection staff to create inspections.
The system shall allow inspection staff to assign inspections.
The system shall allow inspection staff to conduct inspections to validate customer compliance with codes and regulations.
The system shall allow inspection staff to provide results to customers.
The system shall allow inspection supervisor to assign inspections to ensure appropriate inspectors receive the work.
The system shall allow inspection supervisor to manage inspector workload to meet service level and quality requirements.
The system shall be secure and protect user data.
The system shall be performant and respond promptly to user actions.
The system shall be available and accessible to users most of the time.
The system shall have a user-friendly interface that is intuitive and easy to navigate.
The system shall comply with relevant regulations and standards.
The system may be adaptable to different languages and currencies.
The system shall allow camp administrators to add campers with details for tracking purposes.
The system shall allow camp administrators to remove campers who no longer attend the camp.
The system shall store camper records from previous years for reference.
The system shall allow camp administrators to upload consent forms for easy access.
The system shall track which campers submitted which forms to ensure compliance.
The system shall allow camp administrators to schedule activities for campers.
The system shall automatically generate nametags for campers.
The system shall allow camp administrators to suspend campers for behavioral issues.
The system shall allow camp administrators to set reminders for specific tasks.
The system shall allow camp administrators to assign different positions to staff members.
The system shall allow camp administrators to send warnings to staff members.
The system shall allow camp administrators to create and modify rules for campers and staff.
The system shall track the usage of internal camp facilities to avoid scheduling conflicts.
The system shall provide an avenue for parents to submit feedback and concerns.
The system shall securely store campers' emergency information for easy access.
The system shall store camper's immediate parent/guardian's information for contact purposes.
The system shall allow camp administrators to send bi-weekly feedback reports to parents.
The system shall allow camp administrators to create registration forms for staff and campers.
The system shall allow camp administrators to store their information for future reference.
The system shall allow camp administrators to view medical forms for allergy preparedness.
The system shall allow camp administrators to send mass notifications to parents.
The system shall allow camp administrators to quickly log daily attendance.
The system shall allow camp administrators to add parents for camper enrollment.
The system shall allow camp administrators to create groups and assign campers.
The system shall allow camp administrators to view camp group schedules and notify counselors.
The system shall allow camp administrators to schedule tasks/activities for specific camp groups.
The system shall allow camp administrators to delete and modify scheduled tasks/activities.
The system shall allow camp administrators to modify enrolled campers' information.
The system shall allow camp administrators to delete campers from the database.
The system shall allow camp administrators to modify added parents' information.
The system shall allow camp administrators to delete parents from the database.
The system shall allow camp administrators to modify camp group information.
The system shall allow camp administrators to filter the event calendar for specific groups.
The system shall allow parents to track their submitted consent forms.
The system shall allow parents to track their child's activities and schedule at camp.
The system shall allow parents to submit various types of forms to camp management.
The system shall allow parents to create an account for online camper registration.
The system shall allow parents to view counselors assigned to their children.
The system shall allow parents to message their child's counselors.
The system shall allow parents to sign and submit consent forms electronically.
The system shall allow parents to view their payment history.
The system shall allow parents to share camp photos of their children (with proper permissions).
The system shall provide a way for parents to connect with staff in case of emergencies.
The system shall allow parents to enroll their children for camp.
The system shall allow parents to view and edit their enrolled children's information.
The system shall allow parents to view a schedule of their child's activities at camp.
The system shall allow creating a new game with a name and optional description.
The system shall allow inviting estimators to a game via a unique URL.
The system shall allow starting a round by entering an item in a multi-line text field.
The system shall display all items planned for estimation in the current session.
The system shall allow selecting an item for estimation or re-estimation.
The system shall allow adding new items to the estimation list during a session.
The system shall allow editing items in the estimation list.
The system shall allow deleting items from the estimation list.
The system shall allow revealing all estimates immediately, even before everyone submits.
The system shall allow accepting the average of all submitted estimates.
The system shall automatically populate the "estimate" field if all estimators reveal the same card.
The system shall allow entering a custom agreed-upon estimate.
The system shall allow re-estimating a previously estimated item.
The system shall allow importing stories from a spreadsheet.
The system shall allow copying and pasting stories from a spreadsheet.
The system shall allow browsing through previous games.
The system shall allow viewing a transcript of a game (stories and estimates).
The system shall allow exporting transcripts as HTML files.
The system shall allow exporting transcripts as CSV files.
The system shall allow deleting games.
The system shall allow creating an account with name, email, password, and username.
The system shall allow logging in using account credentials.
The system shall allow editing account details.
The system shall allow deleting user accounts.
The system shall display dates and times in the user's local timezone.
The system shall offer a password reminder via email.
The system shall allow selecting the estimation scale (modified Fibonacci or powers of 2).
The system shall limit inviting estimators to a maximum of 15.
The system shall allow joining a game by entering a name on the provided URL.
The system shall display the current item being estimated.
The system shall show an indication when an estimator submits an estimate.
The system shall show all estimates simultaneously after everyone submits.
The system shall allow changing estimates until the final reveal.
The system shall display each estimator's prior estimates for the current story.
The system shall show who submitted each estimate in the current round.
The system shall allow initiating a two-minute countdown timer visible to all participants.
The system shall automatically reset the countdown timer after a round completion.
The system shall allow scrolling through past stories and estimates.
The system shall maintain consistent card order across estimation draws.
The system shall allow changing estimates before a draw is complete.
The system shall comply with XHTML and CSS standards (Developer).
The system shall have a glossary of commonly used terms (Developer).
The system shall utilize database indexing for performance optimization (Developer).
The system shall function in specific legacy browsers (Developer).
The system shall strive for accessibility compliance (Developer).
The system shall have a responsive user interface (User).
The system shall support Unicode characters (User).
The system shall use clear and predictable URLs (User).
The system shall provide informative error messages (User).
The system shall store estimation results anonymously for research purposes (Researcher).
The system shall provide basic usage metrics for administrators
The system shall allow publishers to sign up for an account to publish data packages.
The system shall allow publishers to import data packages for online storage.
The system shall allow publishers to configure clients for data package publishing.
The system shall allow publishers to publish data packages using a publish command.
The system shall allow publishers to unpublish data packages to hide them from view.
The system shall allow publishers to permanently delete data packages.
The system shall allow publishers to validate data packages before publishing.
The system shall allow publishers to publish data packages with cached resources on the registry server.
The system shall allow publishers to publish data packages in the user interface.
The system shall allow publishers to create data packages in the user interface.
The system shall allow publishers to restore deleted data packages using the command-line interface.
The system shall allow publishers to preview data package views before publishing.
The system shall allow publishers to tag data packages to create snapshots.
The system shall warn publishers when overwriting existing tags.
The system shall allow publishers to overwrite previously tagged data packages.
The system shall allow publishers to version data packages and maintain older versions.
The system shall allow publishers to access previous tagged versions of data packages.
The system shall allow consumers to view data packages online.
The system shall allow consumers to download data packages as a single file.
The system shall allow consumers to search for data packages.
The system shall allow consumers to download data packages in specific versions.
The system shall allow consumers to be notified of changes to specific data packages.
The system shall allow consumers to browse and find publishers.
The system shall allow consumers to view publisher profiles.
The system shall allow consumers to search for data packages by publisher.
The system shall allow admins to invite users to join the platform.
The system shall allow admins to view key usage metrics.
The system shall allow admins to set key configuration parameters for the site.
The system shall allow users to sign up via GitHub or Google.
The system shall provide guidance to new publishers after signup.
The system shall ensure downloaded data is reliable and usable.
The system shall be performant and handle large datasets efficiently.
The system may be equipped with a pricing plan and billing system.
The system shall allow curators to create, manage, and map collections.
The system shall allow curators to set embargo dates and access permissions for collections and items.
The system shall allow curators to configure deposit forms specific to collections.
The system shall allow batch ingest of ETDs with embargo and permission settings.
The system shall allow curators to perform author and item authority control.
The system shall allow curators to move items between collections.
The system shall allow administrators to create and manage deposit groups with access controls.
The system shall allow curators to manage user groups and permissions for collections.
The system shall allow curators to require authentication for object access.
The system shall allow administrators to restore previous versions of objects.
The system shall define data formats accepted for deposit.
The system shall validate data integrity and format compliance during ingest.
The system shall record embargo and access control metadata for items.
The system shall encrypt collection data and maintain checksums for verification.
The system shall track financial responsibility for each item.
The system shall record publication and unpublication events with details.
The system shall allow searching by date range for items.
The system shall display embargo status and release date for items.
The system shall expose descriptive records for ETDs for external use.
The system shall allow browsing collections and viewing item metadata.
The system shall generate reports on storage consumption by financial contact.
The system shall display collection-level replication status on the curator dashboard.
The system shall track and record audit events for repository actions.
The system shall provide administrators with user activity reports.
The system shall provide curators with a dashboard widget for recent submissions.
The system shall allow administrators to download embargo metadata for ETDs.
The system shall integrate with Fedora 4 event auditing services (if feasible).
The system shall integrate with Symplectic Elements for bidirectional communication (if needed).
The system shall support OAI-PMH for repository content exposure.
The system shall provide a Linked Data interface for repository data.
The system shall allow deposit of data in documented folder structures.
The system shall respond to user actions promptly and efficiently.
The system shall be highly available and accessible to users with minimal downtime.
The system shall protect user data and repository content with robust security measures.
The system shall have a user-friendly interface for various user roles.
The system shall provide continued access in case of server failure.
User shall include the code of a dataset type in their app artifact and create a dataset of that type when deploying the app.
System shall ensure that dataset instances of a type created during app deployment start using the new code when a new version of the dataset type is deployed.
User shall deploy a new version of a dataset type as part of an app artifact without affecting other datasets of this type.
User shall explore a dataset instance of a type deployed as part of an app.
User shall share a dataset type across multiple applications that include the dataset type's code in their artifacts.
User shall ensure that when deploying a new version of an app including a shared dataset type, only dataset instances created by that app start using the new code.
User shall ensure that when deploying a new version of an app including an older version of a dataset type deployed by another app, dataset instances created by this app use the included dataset type code.
User shall ensure that when deploying a new version of an app including a different version of a dataset type deployed by another app, and if this app shares a dataset instance with the other app, the deployment fails with a version conflict error.
User shall share a dataset type previously deployed as part of an app.
User shall deploy a dataset type independent from any app and allow apps to create and use dataset instances of that type.
System shall provide an archetype to help dataset developers package dataset types properly.
System shall separate the interface from the implementation of a dataset type.
System shall ensure that apps can depend on the interface of a dataset type and have the system inject the implementation at runtime.
System shall allow dataset developers to assign explicit versions to the code of a dataset type.
System shall ensure that dataset instances created by apps are available as sinks and sources for pipelines.
System shall provide meaningful error messages when dataset creation or reconfiguration fails due to incompatible properties.
System shall ensure that all steps required to reconfigure a dataset must be done as a single atomic action.
System shall tolerate existing datasets if their properties are different but compatible when creating a dataset as part of app deployment.
System shall provide meaningful error messages when pipeline creation fails due to an existing dataset being incompatible with the pipeline requirements.
System shall ensure that enabling or disabling explore for a dataset does not result in silent loss of data or data available for explore.
User shall install the Neurohub node onto a virgin Ubuntu operating system using a script.
User shall test the functionality of a Neurohub installation with a script.
User shall execute acceptance tests against a Neurohub installation and view the results.
User shall digitally record responses made by subjects when completing paper-based forms.
User shall navigate forwards and backwards between log books and log book pages without using the browser's back button.
User shall theme the Web interface graphics/colours as a lab administrator.
User shall install Neurohub dependencies into an Ubuntu 10.04 LTS machine using Ubuntu package management tools.
User shall create log book pages for experiments and attach files or directories to them as a researcher.
User shall upload files prior to attaching them to a log book page via web interface or a mapped network drive.
User shall attach non-attached files to a log book page and receive alerts for unattached files.
User shall download attached files from experiments using a web browser or a network drive.
User shall create log book page templates with bespoke metadata fields as a lab administrator.
User shall have a managed backup protocol for the Neurohub system as a system administrator.
User shall specify metadata for an experiment protocol before creating a file.
User shall move multiple files using the Neurohub file browser.
User shall search and download human-readable experimental protocols.
User shall modify or branch experimental protocols while retaining the original.
User shall view events and equipment bookings within the group as a lab member.
User shall have the system forward important news items to an external mailing list.
User shall view and update an inventory of equipment and consumables.
User shall have a spreadsheet hosted within Neurohub for collaborative editing and cost calculation.
User shall create feedback forms within Neurohub for course feedback.
User shall push posted content to their Twitter feed via Neurohub.
User shall either keep log book entries private or share them with individuals.
User shall view the workflow plan, execution history, and results recorded in Neurohub while executing a workflow.
System shall provide a seamless and reliable installation process for the Neurohub node.
System shall ensure the stability and accuracy of acceptance tests executed against Neurohub installations.
System shall generate comprehensive and easily understandable reports for acceptance test results.
System shall ensure the security and privacy of log book entries and attached files.
System shall facilitate easy customization of the Web interface graphics/colours for lab administrators.
System shall maintain backward compatibility and smooth dependency installation for Ubuntu 10.04 LTS.
System shall facilitate efficient backup and recovery of Neurohub data for system administrators.
System shall provide intuitive and user-friendly interfaces for creating log book page templates.
System shall ensure data integrity and reliability during file uploads and attachments.
System shall provide robust search functionality for retrieving experimental protocols and files.
System shall ensure seamless integration with external tools and services, such as Twitter and Google Calendar.
System shall provide efficient storage and retrieval mechanisms for large files and datasets.
System shall enforce access controls and permissions for sharing and managing data.
System shall support version control and revision history tracking for files and log book entries.
System shall ensure high availability and reliability of remote access to the Neurohub node.
System shall provide comprehensive documentation and training resources for users and administrators.
User shall be able to know exactly what ALFRED does with their personal data and share it only with specific permission.
User shall be able to receive information from ALFRED through speech technology.
User shall be able to use only well-visible buttons.
User shall be able to use ALFRED as much as possible with speech interaction.
User shall always keep control over the activities of ALFRED.
User shall be able to manage privacy and data settings.
User shall have ALFRED preinstalled, eliminating the need for manual setup.
User shall have a small, wearable ALFRED device for easy portability.
User shall have ALFRED installed on all their computers, tablets, and phones.
User shall have ALFRED integrated into a wearable device like a bracelet or necklace.
User shall have access to clear instructions and post-sales service for using ALFRED.
User shall have an ALFRED device that speaks slowly and clearly.
User shall have an ALFRED device that reacts only to their voice.
User shall have an ALFRED device that listens only when prompted.
User shall have an introductory conversation with ALFRED to learn about its functionalities.
User shall be able to purchase ALFRED from senior shops with dedicated client support.
User shall be able to purchase ALFRED at an affordable price.
User shall receive visual support, especially when viewing lists, maps, or agendas.
User shall be able to use ALFRED for small payments.
User shall have a long-lasting battery for all-day use of ALFRED.
User shall receive alerts from ALFRED about low battery levels when leaving the house.
User shall have an ALFRED device easily adaptable for users with visual or hearing impairments.
User shall have an ALFRED device with options for customization.
User shall be able to zoom into visual content.
User shall have access to new apps in the ALFREDO platform to meet changing demands.
User shall be able to use ALFRED to communicate with friends and family.
User shall have video conversations with others.
User shall have access to a videophone feature.
User shall have ALFRED encourage real interaction between users and not just ICT tools.
User shall receive suggestions for existing apps matching their interests.
User shall be able to customize preferences in ALFRED's functionalities.
System shall provide a seamless and reliable installation process for ALFRED.
System shall ensure stability and accuracy in acceptance tests for ALFRED.
System shall ensure security and privacy of log book entries and attached files.
System shall facilitate easy customization of the Web interface graphics/colors.
System shall maintain backward compatibility and smooth dependency installation.
System shall facilitate efficient backup and recovery of ALFRED data.
System shall ensure seamless integration with external tools and services.
System shall support version control and revision history tracking.
System shall ensure high availability and reliability of remote access to ALFRED.
System shall provide comprehensive documentation and training resources.
User shall be able to view a list of sponsors, so that they can thank all the awesome sponsors.
User shall be able to view a list of user profiles, so that they know who is attending the conference.
User shall be able to email all the trainers at once from the website for info and updates, so that it is easier to use.
User shall be able to view a very clear map showing the buildings and rooms, so that they can make it to class on time.
User shall be able to edit their training node themselves, including links to slides, so that training coordinators don't have to.
User shall be limited to one registration per day per authenticated user, to prevent duplicate spaces.
User shall have an admin view to track registration status for each attendee, so that attendance status can be monitored.
User shall be able to be added to a training waitlist, to be considered for a class.
User must accept the cancellation terms with a checkbox, to be accountable.
User shall have a cancellation deadline tied to registration/cancellation workflow, to avoid financial loss.
User shall be able to add events to "my schedule" if there is a schedule feature on the site, to schedule their event experience.
User shall be able to see which trainings they have signed up for, to plan their event experience.
User shall have a view showing all attendee information attached to their training node, so trainers can see class attendance.
User shall have an admin view to show all trainee information, filterable by training session, for easy management.
User shall have a dedicated page for each class with specific information displayed, for easy class selection.
User shall have training options clearly marked with all necessary information listed, for easy browsing and selection.
User shall have a training landing page with an intro section and a list of all training offerings, to easily shop for training.
User shall have a link on the home page to a list of training options, for easy access.
User shall be able to find information about the coding lounge location and opening hours, for coding sessions.
User shall be able to refund sponsorship money processed via Stripe, for financial transactions.
User shall be able to find a link on the sponsorships page to become a $350 level sponsor, for sponsorship opportunities.
User shall be able to see a list of attendees associated with a specific company, to identify attendees from the same organization.
User shall be able to identify and pay for a $350 company sponsorship, for easy sponsorship registration.
User shall be able to create and maintain venues, to provide location details for events.
User shall be able to view venue details, to get a sense of the location and see events happening there.
User shall be able to see a list of sessions associated with sponsor attendees, to engage with sponsors.
User shall be able to see all events, trainings, and summits sponsored by a specific sponsor, to engage with the sponsor's offerings.
User shall be able to enter payment information and have their card charged for an individual sponsorship, for easy sponsorship payment.
User shall be able to link BADCamp attendees to their sponsorship page, to showcase attendance.
User shall be able to update their user profile, to connect with other Drupalists at BADCamp.
User shall be able to sign up for the BADCamp newsletter, to stay informed about communications.
User shall be able to tag blog posts for consumption by Drupal Planet, for increased visibility.
User shall be able to create blog posts to share information about BADCamp, for public outreach.
User shall be able to read the blog, to stay informed about BADCamp happenings.
User shall be able to sponsor a summit matching their brand, for exposure and recognition.
User shall be able to register for a summit, to reserve a seat.
User shall be able to get detailed directions to the summit venue, for easy navigation.
User shall be able to see which summits they're signed up for, to confirm attendance.
User shall be able to see a list of attendees signed up for a specific summit, for communication purposes.
User shall be able to list basic information about their summit, to inform potential attendees.
User shall be able to list sponsors for their summit, to acknowledge support.
User shall be able to list an agenda for their summit, to entice attendees and presenters.
User shall be able to see how many seats are left for a summit, to ensure timely registration.
User shall be able to see specific details on summits, to learn more and register.
User shall be able to see a list of all summits, to explore available options.
User shall be able to learn about sponsorship levels, to determine appropriate sponsorship.
User shall be offered several choices of individual sponsorship on the second page of registration, for easy selection.
User shall be able to easily find a link in the menu to the registration form, for quick access.
User shall be able to fill out a user registration form, to register for BADCamp and create an account.
User shall be able to find session information, to explore available sessions.
System shall provide a user-friendly interface for viewing sponsors and user profiles.
System shall ensure efficient email communication for trainers via the website.
System shall provide a clear and easily navigable map interface.
System shall enable trainers to edit their training nodes independently.
System shall enforce limitations on duplicate registrations to maintain system integrity.
System shall offer an intuitive admin view for tracking registration status.
System shall implement a waitlist feature for training classes.
System shall include a checkbox for users to accept cancellation terms.
System shall integrate cancellation deadlines into registration workflows.
System shall provide a customizable "my schedule" feature.
System shall offer a comprehensive view of signed-up trainings for users.
System shall ensure privacy while displaying attendee information to trainers.
System shall support efficient filtering and management of trainee information for admins.
System shall generate dedicated pages for each training class.
System shall clearly mark training options with all necessary information.
System shall provide a user-friendly landing page for browsing training offerings.
System shall offer quick access to training options from the home page.
System shall provide clear information about the coding lounge.
System shall ensure secure and efficient refund processing via Stripe.
System shall facilitate easy sponsorship registration and payment.
System shall enable easy creation and maintenance of venue details.
System shall offer detailed venue information for user understanding.
System shall provide comprehensive session information associated with sponsors.
System shall ensure visibility of all sponsored events for user engagement.
System shall facilitate convenient payment processing for individual sponsorships.
System shall enable sponsors to link attendees to their sponsorship page.
System shall provide a user-friendly interface for updating user profiles.
System shall facilitate easy signup for the BADCamp newsletter.
System shall ensure seamless integration with Drupal Planet for blog posts.
System shall provide an intuitive blog creation interface for administrators.
System shall offer easy access to the blog for user consumption.
System shall support sponsorship opportunities matching sponsor brands.
System shall facilitate smooth registration for summits.
System shall provide clear directions to summit venues.
System shall enable users to view their signed-up summits for confirmation.
System shall offer convenient access to attendee lists for summit coordinators.
System shall provide a user-friendly interface for listing summit information.
System shall ensure visibility of sponsors associated with summits.
System shall enable easy listing of summit agendas.
System shall display available seats for summits for user convenience.
System shall provide detailed information on summits for user understanding.
System shall offer a comprehensive list of available summits for exploration.
System shall provide clear information on sponsorship levels for user understanding.
System shall offer multiple individual sponsorship choices during registration.
System shall ensure easy access to the registration form from the menu.
System shall provide a user-friendly registration form for ease of registration.
System shall ensure accessibility to session information for user exploration.
User shall be able to properly record all metadata for the project.
System shall be able to store metadata accurately and comprehensively.
User shall be able to indicate where data will be stored during and after the project.
System shall be able to manage and track data storage locations throughout its lifecycle.
User shall be able to import metadata captured with a metadata tool into a Data Management Plan (DMP).
System shall be able to seamlessly integrate metadata from external sources into DMPs.
User shall be able to plan the types of data to record and store for the project.
System shall provide guidance and support for recording various data types in the DMP.
User shall be able to document the security requirements of the data.
System shall provide information and tools for users to specify security measures for data.
User shall be able to describe collected datasets used or updated during the project.
System shall maintain updated descriptions of datasets throughout the project lifecycle.
User shall be able to record information about the DMP for review by an Ethics Committee.
System shall store and organize DMP details for ethics compliance review.
User shall be able to access persistent identifiers of datasets provided in the DMP.
System shall facilitate access to persistent identifiers for datasets referenced in the DMP.
User shall be able to prepopulate DMP information from other institutional systems.
System shall automatically populate relevant DMP fields with existing institutional data.
User shall be able to know when the DMP was created or last updated.
System shall display creation and modification timestamps for DMPs.
User shall be able to know who is responsible for the DMP.
System shall provide information on the responsible party for each DMP.
User shall be able to access project proposal references from the DMP.
System shall link project proposal information to corresponding DMPs.
User shall be able to extract administrative information into the DMP for prepopulation.
System shall facilitate the import of administrative data to streamline DMP creation.
User shall be able to access reports containing details of research projects classified as sensitive or highly sensitive.
System shall generate reports on sensitive data classifications for access by designated personnel.
System shall prioritize user-friendly interfaces for easy navigation and data entry.
System shall ensure data security and compliance with relevant regulations and standards.
System shall support interoperability with external metadata tools and systems.
System shall provide robust backup and recovery mechanisms for data reliability.
System shall facilitate collaboration and data sharing among project stakeholders.
System shall offer scalability to accommodate varying project sizes and complexities.
System shall maintain high availability to ensure continuous access to DMPs and associated data.
System shall provide documentation and support resources for users to effectively utilize DMP functionalities.
System shall adhere to data preservation standards to ensure long-term accessibility and usability.
System shall employ role-based access control to safeguard sensitive DMP information.
System shall facilitate integration with institutional repositories and data catalogues.
System shall support multilingual capabilities for diverse user needs.
System shall ensure data integrity and accuracy throughout the DMP lifecycle.
System shall provide notification and reminders for DMP updates and reviews.
System shall offer customization options to adapt to different project requirements and workflows.
System shall facilitate data citation and attribution to promote research integrity and transparency.
User shall be able to view a finding aid for a particular collection/Resource.
System shall provide functionality to display finding aids for collections/Resources.
User shall be able to reset a User's password for them.
System shall provide an interface for Application Administrators to reset user passwords.
User shall be able to authenticate using LDAP.
System shall support LDAP authentication for user login.
User shall be able to authenticate locally.
System shall provide a local authentication mechanism for user login.
User shall be able to add additional properties for repositories.
System shall allow users to add custom properties to repository records.
User shall be able to create and edit Event records.
System shall provide functionality to create and edit Event records.
User shall be able to manage Digital Objects.
System shall provide tools for managing Digital Objects within the application.
User shall be able to upload an EAD for import from within the frontend application.
System shall support EAD import functionality accessible from the frontend.
User shall be able to import EAD data.
System shall facilitate the import of EAD data into the application.
User shall be able to create, update, and delete archival descriptions in their repository.
System shall provide CRUD functionality for archival descriptions.
User shall be able to create and update basic archival description information.
System shall support basic archival description creation and updates.
User shall be able to view archival descriptions in their repository.
System shall provide read-only access to archival descriptions.
User shall be able to log in.
System shall provide login functionality for users.
User shall be able to associate an Instance with a Container.
System shall allow users to link Instances with Containers.
User shall be able to assign Location information to a Container.
System shall provide functionality for users to assign Location information to Containers.
System shall ensure secure password reset functionality to protect user accounts.
System shall support backend changes for managing enum lists efficiently and reliably.
System shall provide error handling and logging to identify and communicate import errors effectively.
System shall facilitate bulk updates of enum values with efficient backend changes.
System shall provide contextual help links accessible to authenticated users.
System shall display Dates and Extents consistently in both read and edit views for Accessions and Resources.
System shall offer keyboard-based navigation for rearranging hierarchy elements in the frontend.
System shall prevent inadvertent overwriting of concurrent changes to records during editing.
System shall support the creation and editing of Rights Management statements with appropriate permissions.
System shall allow System Administrators to configure the location of the demo database and implement backup procedures.
System shall provide robust search functionality for locating resource, accession, and digital object records within repositories.
System shall ensure data integrity and reliability during the import and export of archival data.
System shall support custom importer development for flexible data import options.
System shall prioritize performance and scalability in managing large datasets and complex record structures.
System shall enable role-based access control to enforce appropriate permissions for different user roles.
System shall offer customizable configuration options to meet diverse user needs and preferences.
System shall ensure compatibility with various data formats and standards for interoperability.
System shall provide comprehensive documentation and support resources for users and administrators.
System shall adhere to best practices for data security and privacy protection throughout the application.
User shall be able to deposit and maintain datasets through a simple web interface, facilitating ease of use.
System shall provide a user-friendly web interface for depositors to submit and manage datasets without requiring additional software installation.
User shall be able to deposit datasets through Pure, ensuring a centralized platform for managing research outputs.
System shall integrate with Pure to enable dataset deposition and management within the platform.
User shall be able to deposit datasets through Virtual Research Environments and other workflow tools.
System shall support dataset deposition and management through integration with Virtual Research Environments and other familiar workflow tools.
User shall be able to deposit files without extensive format conversion or version searching.
System shall accept file deposits without requiring complex format conversion and support direct submission of files.
User shall be able to place data under embargo to protect rights of first use and confidentiality responsibilities.
System shall provide functionality for depositors to apply embargoes to datasets.
User shall be able to apply licenses to datasets to protect intellectual property rights.
System shall enable depositors to specify and apply licenses to datasets during deposition.
User shall be able to grant privileged access to collaborators for efficient collaboration.
System shall support privileged access management to enable efficient collaboration among depositors and collaborators.
User shall be able to deposit arbitrarily large files without limitations.
System shall accommodate deposits of arbitrarily large files without size restrictions.
User shall be able to link datasets to publications in Opus for improved discoverability.
System shall provide functionality to link datasets with associated publications in Opus.
User shall be able to mint DOIs for datasets to facilitate discoverability and citation tracking.
System shall facilitate the minting of DOIs for deposited datasets to enhance discoverability and citation tracking.
User shall have metadata automatically filled from University systems and remembered from previous deposits.
System shall automatically populate metadata fields from University systems and remember metadata from previous deposits to streamline deposition.
User shall be able to link datasets to external repositories to avoid duplication of deposition.
System shall support linking datasets to external repositories to streamline deposition processes and avoid duplication.
User shall be able to specify disposal policies for datasets to ensure compliance with laws and agreements.
System shall enable depositors to specify disposal policies for datasets to ensure legal and contractual compliance.
User shall be able to track downloads and citations of deposited datasets to demonstrate impact.
System shall provide tracking mechanisms for downloads and citations of datasets to demonstrate impact.
User shall be able to attach subject-specific metadata to datasets for improved discoverability.
System shall support the attachment of subject-specific metadata to datasets to enhance discoverability within specific research disciplines.
User shall be able to link datasets with project Data Management Plans (DMPs) for compliance demonstration.
System shall facilitate linking datasets with associated project DMPs to demonstrate compliance with data management requirements.
User shall be able to manage and share live research data to maintain workflow continuity.
System shall support the management and sharing of live research data to ensure seamless workflow integration.
User shall be able to manage multiple versions of datasets transparently to maintain research integrity.
System shall provide version control functionality to enable transparent management of multiple dataset versions.
User shall be able to delegate deposition tasks to others on their behalf.
System shall support delegation of deposition tasks to enable efficient management of research data.
System shall provide a user interface familiar to depositors, integrating seamlessly with existing University systems.
System shall ensure accessibility of the web interface in the user's native language to eliminate language barriers.
System shall allow users to examine deposited files and metadata to assess usefulness without downloading entire datasets.
System shall provide example citations and DOIs for datasets to facilitate correct referencing and future access.
System shall generate persistent URLs for datasets to ensure easy future access.
System shall integrate with Primo for unified search functionality across books, articles, and datasets.
System shall display different versions of datasets clearly to aid users in selecting the appropriate version.
System shall support privileged access for external collaborators, ensuring effective collaboration.
System shall guarantee protection of IP rights for external collaborators to mitigate collaboration risks.
System shall provide access to Bath data for external collaborators off-campus to support collaboration.
System shall enable direct deposition of facility data into the archive on behalf of researchers, eliminating the need for separate facility archives.
System shall perform checks on deposited datasets for quality, compliance, and licensing before public release.
System shall enforce a minimum set of metadata requirements to ensure consistent metadata quality.
System shall require approval for scheduled data disposal to prevent accidental loss of required data.
System shall enable querying of the entire archive for reporting and analysis purposes.
System shall support wholesale import of Bath data from external data centers to prevent data loss.
System shall promote the use of open standards for deposition to maximize data reusability.
System shall integrate with CRIS for impact analysis and funding linkage purposes.
System shall include records for externally held data to maintain a complete record of the University's data holdings.
System shall track citation counts for datasets to demonstrate academic impact.
System shall segment view and download statistics by country and sector to demonstrate broader impact.
System shall link datasets with project metadata for reporting on project-related data deposits.
System shall store archived data on existing storage systems for consistency and maintainability.
System shall integrate with existing University systems such as LDAP for cost-effective administration.
System shall store archived data directly on the HCP object store to leverage its features.
System shall allow export of all data to different systems to prevent vendor lock-in.
System shall support dataset deposition and management via SWORD2 API for interoperability.
System shall enable persistent web links between articles and underlying datasets for robust research referencing.
System shall reassure funding bodies of robust archival plans for funded research data to justify investments.
System shall harvest metadata on funded research outputs for analysis and strategy refinement.
The system shall allow repository managers to create, describe, and update collections.
The system shall allow repository managers to define access controls for collections.
The system shall allow curators to compose collections based on various criteria.
The system shall allow curators to establish relationships between collections.
The system shall allow listing and browsing of collections by users and repository managers.
The system shall allow repository managers to create, describe, and update objects.
The system shall allow associating names, subjects, and rights information with objects.
The system shall allow indicating external descriptions and versions of objects.
The system shall allow listing and browsing of objects by users and repository managers.
The system shall allow repository managers to define and describe object components.
The system shall allow linking components to objects and other components.
The system shall allow associating names, subjects, and rights information with components.
The system shall allow listing and browsing of object components by users and repository managers.
The system shall allow repository managers to associate content files with objects and components.
The system shall track checksums for content files.
The system shall provide preservation managers with information for monitoring file integrity.
The system shall allow users to access content files based on access permissions.
The system shall support various metadata elements for collections, objects, components, and files.
The system shall track changes made to metadata over time.
The system shall allow searching for resources based on various metadata criteria.
The system shall allow repository managers to define access controls for collections, objects, and components.
The system shall restrict access to resources based on user roles and permissions.
The system shall allow indicating relationships between collections and objects.
The system shall allow users to search for collections, objects, and components by various criteria.
The system shall allow users to browse collections and view object and component details.
The system shall track events related to collections, objects, components, and files.
The system shall record details about events, including agents, timestamps, and outcomes.
The system shall protect repository content and user data with robust security measures.
The system shall be scalable to accommodate a growing volume of data and users.
The system shall allow archivists to apply licenses and rights statements to files.
The system shall allow archivists to mark individual and groups of files as restricted.
The system shall allow archivists to set restrictions based on dates, IP addresses, or users.
The system shall allow archivists to upload single and groups of files.
The system shall allow archivists to automatically create access copies and technical metadata for files.
The system shall allow assistant archivists to upload staff-generated working papers.
The system shall allow archivists to distinguish between preservation and access digital objects.
The system shall allow archivists to link electronic publications to citations.
The system shall allow archivists to create quality scans and automatically generate access derivatives.
The system shall allow archivists to automatically assign unique identifiers and embed metadata in files.
The system shall allow archivists to rotate images and perform basic image adjustments.
The system shall allow donor representatives to submit incremental accruals to collections.
The system shall allow archivists to manage scans of archival material and loan documentation.
The system shall allow researchers to generate citations and share links to files.
The system shall display copyright status and clear citation information for files.
The system shall allow researchers to download files, reports, and locate materials for social media sharing.
The system shall allow researchers to request analog versions and order copies of digital objects.
The system shall notify researchers if requested materials are already digitized.
The system shall allow researchers to stream audio/video files and export descriptive data.
The system shall allow searching files by keyword, tag, and across collections.
The system shall allow browsing through files in collections.
The system shall allow researchers to search OCRed text in digitized documents.
The system shall display the date of digitization for files.
The system shall allow keyword searching across scanned diaries.
The system shall allow researchers to view thumbnails and film clips.
The system shall allow archivists to search images by various criteria.
The system shall allow archivists to search non-public finding aids and view collection files.
The system shall allow archivists to search by material type and image using image upload.
The system shall allow archivists to track file usage and provide access to unprocessed materials.
The system shall allow administrators to create user groups, roles, assign users, and manage access rights.
The system shall allow integration with Active Directory for user login and password resets.
The system shall allow administrators to control the visibility of specific metadata fields for different user groups.
The system shall be user-friendly for various user roles (archivists, researchers, donors).
The system shall provide clear and informative messages to users.
The system performance shall be responsive for uploading, searching, and downloading files.
Library staff shall create collections.
Curators shall manage collections and set access permissions.
Curators shall configure deposit forms for collections.
System shall allow batch ingest of ETDs.
Curators shall perform author and item authority control.
Curators shall move items between collections.
Administrators shall create deposit groups.
Curators shall manage user groups and permissions.
Curators shall require authentication for object access.
Administrators shall restore previous versions of objects.
System shall define accepted data formats for deposit.
System shall validate data integrity and format compliance.
System shall record embargo and access control metadata.
System shall encrypt collection data and maintain checksums.
System shall track financial responsibility for each item.
System shall record publication and unpublication events.
System shall allow searching by date range for items.
System shall display embargo status and release date for items.
System shall expose descriptive records for external use.
System shall allow browsing collections and viewing metadata.
System shall generate reports on storage consumption.
System shall display collection-level replication status.
System shall track and record audit events.
System shall provide user activity reports.
System shall provide a dashboard widget for recent submissions.
Administrators shall download embargo metadata for ETDs.
System shall integrate with designated external services (if feasible).
System shall support OAI-PMH for repository content exposure.
System shall provide a Linked Data interface for repository data.
System shall allow deposit of data in documented folder structures.
System shall respond to user actions promptly.
System shall be highly available with minimal downtime.
System shall protect user data and repository content.
System shall scale to accommodate growth.
System shall have a user-friendly interface for various user roles.
System shall provide continued access in case of server failure.
System shall allow browsing content by author or subject area.
System shall support a variety of media file and text-based formats.
System shall allow users to assign CC licenses to files.
System shall preserve both content and metadata within the repository.
System shall allow uploading new versions of items while maintaining access to old versions.
The system shall allow searching music by content identification, profile similarity, similar music/video, enriched metadata, and image tags.
The system shall allow users to upload tagged videos for processing.
The system shall allow browsing video thumbnails and segments.
The system shall provide information about similar video items and segments based on content or perception.
The system shall recommend content based on user profiles, news events, and image/video similarity.
The system shall allow searching content using automatic speech recognition.
The system shall display information about people, products, brands, and broadcaster logos identified in videos.
The system shall recommend videos based on uploaded pictures or geographical location.
The system shall allow admins to validate and edit video segmentation.
The system shall allow annotating news videos and assigning topics.
The system shall allow filtering and ranking videos based on audio/visual quality.
The system shall assess pre-upload audio for editing indications.
The system shall prefilter nudity content.
The system shall prefilter content using low-level and high-level asset information (metadata, tags).
The system shall automatically validate ingested content for copyright infringement.
The system shall assess image interest/complexity based on analysis, annotations, and comments.
The system shall prompt scientists to review subjects based on annotations and comments.
The system shall identify volunteer types.
The system shall pre-classify Galaxy Zoo images using low-level features.
The system shall detect unclassifiable animal images in Snapshot Serengeti.
The system shall detect timestamping malfunctions and perform automatic series detection in Snapshot Serengeti images.
The system shall perform automatic animal species and attribute pre-classification in Snapshot Serengeti.
The system shall perform automatic animal number detection in Snapshot Serengeti.
The system shall perform automatic plankton segmentation/localization in Plankton Portal.
The system shall detect images with no classifiable plankton in Plankton Portal.
The system shall perform automatic plankton size/orientation detection in Plankton Portal images.
The system shall perform automatic plankton species pre-classification in Plankton Portal images.
The system shall perform automatic worm motion analysis to reduce video duration in Worm Watch Lab.
The system shall automatically detect egg-laying time in Worm Watch Lab videos.
The system shall detect flood areas, damage, shelters, blocked roads in satellite images.
The system shall assess volunteer classification weight based on experience.
The system shall pre-filter images to remove artifacts.
The system shall detect moving objects in images.
The system shall remove background noise from audio files.
The system shall group similar whale calls.
The system shall identify the number of whales in audio files.
The system shall determine when to interrupt a volunteer and suggest intervention method (text, image, video).
The system shall determine when to educate a volunteer and suggest education method (text, image, video).
The system shall recommend appropriate educational resources for volunteers.
The system shall identify interesting volunteer comments on subjects.
The system shall determine when Zoonibot should comment or provide explanations to volunteers.
The system shall provide a user-friendly interface for various user roles.
The system shall perform content processing tasks efficiently.
User shall be able to register complaints with the police.
System shall facilitate interaction and information exchange between police and complainants.
System shall store complaint details, evidence, and facts.
System shall generate a unique identifier for each registered complaint.
User shall be able to initiate the investigation process for registered complaints.
System shall automate tasks related to investigation after initial entries are made during registration.
System shall track progress and updates of ongoing investigations.
System shall generate reports on the status of investigations.
User shall be able to record entries of court interactions.
System shall facilitate the interface between police personnel and the courts.
System shall maintain a record of court proceedings related to cases.
User shall be able to execute basic or advanced searches on cases.
System shall provide search functionality based on criteria such as person, type of crime, modus operandi, etc.
System shall customize search results by criminal/accused or by cases.
System shall execute different types of queries for reporting purposes.
User shall be able to exchange information with police units/personnel.
System shall facilitate information exchange between citizens and police.
System shall respond to citizen inquiries with minimal turnaround time.
User shall be able to navigate through the CCTNS application.
System shall provide role-based landing pages showing relevant information such as assigned cases, alerts, and pending tasks.
System shall help police personnel in planning and executing tasks efficiently.
User shall be able to configure application settings according to state requirements.
System shall maintain data elements and rules up to date.
System shall allow creation, updating, and deletion of state-specific data elements such as acts, sections, castes, tribes, etc.
User shall be able to access detailed context-sensitive help material for all actions and scenarios.
System shall provide help material accessible in both offline and online modes.
User shall be able to log defects or enhancement requests and track them.
System shall send alerts (e.g., email, SMS) to users regarding actions taken on alerts upon user request.
System shall enable users to track submitted defect or enhancement requests.
System shall allow help-desk users to view reports on submitted defects or enhancement requests category-wise, status-wise, and age-wise.
Support solution shall be accessible both within and outside the application through a browser interface.
System shall maintain an unalterable audit trail capturing actions taken on critical entities, users initiating actions, and date/time of events.
Audit trail functionality must be activated without manual intervention.
System must maintain audit trail for at least the life of associated cases and make it accessible on request.
Audit trail data must be available for inspection and export for specified cases.
System must capture and store violations and attempted violations of access control mechanisms.
System must provide reports for actions on cases organized by case, user, and in chronological sequence.
System shall allow users to limit access to cases to specified users or user groups.
System shall provide role-based control for functionalities within the system.
System shall allow a user to be a member of more than one group.
Only admin-users shall set up user profiles and allocate users to groups.
System shall allow changes to security attributes for groups or users by super-users only.
When users lack access to a case, system shall provide appropriate responses selectable at configuration time.
System shall never include unauthorized records in search results.
Unauthorized attempts to access cases must be logged in the audit trail.
All access to cases and related activities must be stored in the audit trail for legal admissibility and data recovery.
All error messages must be meaningful and accompanied by explanatory text.
System must employ a consistent user interface look and feel.
System must display multiple entities simultaneously.
Interfaces must be customizable and user-configurable, saving configurations in user profiles.
System interface must be compatible with specialist software and suitable for users with special needs.
System must provide easy-to-use End User and Administrator functions.
Defaults for data entry must be persistent and include user-definable, previous, and context-derived values.
Frequently-executed transactions must be completed with minimal interactions.
System interfaces must allow customization, including menu contents, screen layout, function keys, colors, and fonts.
User shall be able to create accounts to store profiles, contact info, purchase history, and confirm orders.
System shall ensure security of customer accounts and resist tampering.
Customer accounts will include customer profiles, contact info, purchase history, and order confirmation.
Customers can register, log in, and log out of their accounts.
Customer profiles shall include payment and address information.
Products will be organized into multi-tiered categories in inventory management.
Administrators can update categories, products, and product details.
Customers shall add products to the shopping cart.
Shopping cart will display item count and total cost.
Customers can add or remove products from the shopping cart before checkout.
Customers can review and confirm orders before checkout.
Customers can revise and update orders if incorrect.
Customers shall receive a confirmation email with order details.
Interface will be presented in a web browser.
Interface must be consistent and intuitive across different web browsers.
Customers shall browse categories and products easily.
Interface will be compatible with major web browsers.
System shall feature an API for customers to build custom plug-ins.
Plug-ins can interact with the system via the plug-in API.
Plug-in API will be well-documented for plug-in developers.
User shall be able to deploy the system within 1 minute upon USB connection.
System shall handle 1000 concurrent logged-in customers.
System shall retrieve 200 products per second.
System shall add products to the shopping cart within 2ms.
System shall search for specified products within 1 second.
System shall email customers and vendors within 1 second.
System shall validate credit cards within 2 seconds.
System shall acquire shipping charges within 2 seconds.
System shall restore 1000 records per second.
System shall perform periodic backups via live internet connection.
System shall validate credit cards against fraud.
System shall encrypt all sensitive information via HTTPS.
System shall encrypt all customer data in the database.
System shall auto-detect and block IP DOS attacks.
System shall detect consecutive failed login attempts.
System shall be protected by Firestarter open source firewall.
System shall have an availability of 99.99%.
System shall perform searches using Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm.
System shall validate existing credit cards for returning customers after each login.
System shall automatically compress large image files.
System shall employ on-demand asynchronous loading for faster page execution.
System shall validate email address existence.
System shall be easy to use.
System shall be easy to learn.
System shall utilize help bubbles for assistance.
System shall employ easy-to-locate buttons.
System shall prompt customers with clear error messages.
System shall utilize consistent symbols and colors for notifications.
System shall utilize interchangeable plugins.
System shall be easily updatable for fixes and patches.
System shall create logs of all changes, updates, or fixes.
System shall be easy to upgrade.
System shall be extremely portable via USB drive.
System shall be easy to migrate or backup via another USB drive.
System shall be able to run under debug mode.
System shall be able to run test credit card transactions.
System shall be able to run test shipping orders.
System shall be able to create a test environment of the web order system.
User shall be able to transfer assets within the same department without requiring any request.
User shall be able to transfer assets between departments with approval from a DA group member and a faculty group member, unless initiated by a higher-level group.
User shall be able to transfer assets between faculties with approval from a faculty group or higher-level group, with requests initiated by any authorized user.
User shall require approval from the university group for asset transfers outside the university.
User shall be able to edit assets belonging to their department if authorized, at administrative, faculty, or university levels.
User shall be able to modify all fields of an asset except IDs, and bulk entry files can be used for modifications.
User shall be able to add inventory assets, with DA group members or authorized inventory group members adding assets owned by the department.
User shall be able to add inventory assets related to all departments if a faculty member, or all assets if a university group member, with bulk entry options available.
User shall be able to create requests to borrow assets or reserve locations, with requests made by any authorized user and pending approval from an administrative level user.
User shall check returned assets and update the inventory if an inventory user.
IT group members can create new spaces and modify floor structures upon exception request from any administrative level.
Any administrative level or authorized inventory group member can view and approve pending requests, with users notified by email upon request treatment and updates made to the waiting for execution list.
Authentication shall be done by username and password for all users, with administrative levels accessing administration computers.
Any administrative level user can delegate actions to another user, acquiring the role of inventory administrator.
Output reports include asset reports by location, request reports, and user permission reports.
User shall ensure that the learning time for the application is between 2 to 4 hours, catering to working students.
Web interface shall use clear and consistent terminology for ease of use by users with basic internet and office experience.
The application should be available at all working hours, with maintenance or backup operations conducted outside of working hours.
The application should be installable on Microsoft or Unix platforms and compatible with browsers such as IE, Firefox, Chrome, Opera, or Safari.
User authentication shall be done via username and password, with permissions assigned according to user roles.
Only IT team members can access and maintain database servers locally.
Queries exceeding 1 minute should be terminated.
Backup operations should be executed periodically to ensure data safety.
The system should be designed to facilitate future evolution and maintenance operations.
User shall control heating and cooling units defined in the THEMAS system.
System shall read initialization data to derive definitions of heating and cooling units.
System shall use initialization data to determine heating and cooling units in the system.
System shall load thermostat definitions from initialization data.
System shall identify each thermostat using unique identifiers.
System shall load maximum number of concurrently running heating or cooling units from initialization data.
System shall set trigger values for turning heating or cooling units on or off based on initialization data.
System shall set overtemperature values to prevent temperature deviations beyond 3 degrees Fahrenheit.
System shall establish valid temperature range based on initialization data.
Upon initialization, system shall turn off all heating and cooling units and check thermostat settings.
System shall process current temperature values and thermostat settings to determine if heating or cooling units need to be turned on.
System shall validate temperature data from thermostats to ensure it is within specified range.
System shall recognize and process both current temperature and temperature setting data from thermostats.
System shall output invalid temperature status if temperature data is outside valid range.
System shall output valid temperature status if temperature data is within valid range.
System shall determine when reported temperature exceeds specified limits and generate appropriate alarms.
System shall compare reported temperature to temperature setting to detect temperature limit exceedance.
System shall output temperature trigger exceeded status if temperature limit is exceeded.
System shall output temperature limit exceeded status if temperature limit is exceeded.
System shall activate heating or cooling units based on temperature trigger exceedance.
System shall process temperature data to determine if heating or cooling unit activation is necessary.
System shall output request to turn on or off heating or cooling unit based on temperature data.
System shall provide necessary control signals to heating or cooling units upon request.
System shall generate event data for changes in heating or cooling unit status.
System shall generate alarm data for invalid temperature values or temperature limit exceedance.
System shall output alarm data and record alarm events for system monitoring.
System shall identify and generate appropriate event data for each event occurrence.
System shall record event descriptions and timestamps in a database for future reference.
System shall provide supervisor interface to change thermostat settings.
Supervisor shall select thermostat and desired temperature setting from available options.
System shall generate reports on operational history and statistical summaries.
Supervisor shall select type of report and specify file location.
System shall generate reports based on selected parameters.
User shall be able to create a new account by entering basic details like address and phone numbers.
System shall be able to contact the server to create and add a new user, updating necessary details in the database.
User shall be able to autofill details using accounts from Google, LinkedIn, Facebook, or Yahoo.
System shall direct the user to respective account pages for login and terms acceptance.
User shall be able to check the validity of their Freecharge and bank accounts.
System shall verify account authorization and initiate transaction dialog upon acceptance.
User shall be able to check their bank account balance before making a transaction.
System shall display an error message and return the cash card if the account has insufficient funds.
User shall be able to validate their cash card for transactions.
System shall check the validity of the entered bank account, displaying error messages if invalid.
User shall be able to perform transactions with Freecharge.
System shall log transaction IDs securely and update log files accordingly.
User shall be able to access their bank account through Freecharge.
System shall verify user credentials with the bank databases and accept or reject authorization.
User shall be able to participate in the cashback system by making transactions.
System shall provide limited-time cashback offers valid during specific intervals.
User shall be able to provide feedback through the feedback option.
System shall save user feedback into the database and display a confirmation message.
User shall be able to recover their password using the forgot password function.
System shall send an email to the registered email-id for password reset upon request.
User shall be able to access FAQs through the help function.
System shall search for and display related FAQs based on user-entered keywords.
User shall be able to request refunds for products.
System shall store and process refund requests in the database, providing status updates to users.
User shall be able to access the system using a web browser without restrictions.
System shall be available at all times, with downtime limited to server maintenance.
In case of hardware failure or database corruption, a replacement page will be displayed, and backups will be retrieved and saved by the administrator.
User shall be able to transact securely with confidential customer information.
System shall use SSL for all transactions involving confidential data.
System shall automatically log out customers after a period of inactivity.
System shall not store user passwords in cookies on the customers computer.
Access to the system's back-end servers shall be restricted to authenticated administrators.
User shall experience reliable data storage and automatic switchover in case of redundant computer failure.
System reliability hinges on continuous backup maintenance and updates to reflect recent changes.
Commercial databases and application servers shall maintain the system's database, with efficient reinitialization in case of failure.
User shall be able to log into the system with username and password.
System shall authenticate users based on username and password.
User shall be able to check their rosters (administrator and employee).
System shall generate weekly rosters for employees (administrator function).
User shall be able to maintain daily logs (employee function).
User shall be able to select their availability (employee function).
User shall be able to make a booking (client function).
User shall be able to check their booking status (client function).
System shall calculate fares (client function).
User shall be able to view driver history (client function).
User shall be able to change their password (client function).
System shall send a temporary password to the user's email for password reset (client function).
Administrator shall be able to print reports (annually, weekly, daily).
Administrator shall be able to check feedbacks.
Administrator shall be able to send newsletters to clients.
Administrator shall be able to manage user accounts.
Administrator shall be able to change the super password.
System shall keep track of user activity through sessions.
System shall record client booking requests.
System shall check vehicle availability for booking.
System shall maintain a history of bookings.
System shall record client feedback.
System shall send a notification email to the client upon booking confirmation.
Database shall accommodate at least 10,000 client records.
System shall support concurrent users.
System shall utilize cryptographic techniques for user authentication (future version).
System shall keep error tracking logs to aid users.
System shall restrict communication during user/license validation (use https).
System shall be easy to port to other environments (developed with Apache).
User shall be able to reset all options and user variables to defaults.
System shall commit all user variable data to the database upon entry.
System shall prevent data corruption through backup procedures.
System shall have a logical interface for ease of use and common tasks.
System shall employ error prevention through sanity checks and limited free-text input.
System shall rebuild cached data on every startup.
System shall assign default system data values when necessary.
System shall allow input of numbers, operands, special symbols, and letters.
User shall be able to view information about various subjects offered.
System shall be able to maintain and display subject details including code, name, type, semester, and credits.
User shall be able to manage student information.
System shall allow creation, modification, and deletion of student records, including enrollment number, name, and year of enrollment.
User shall be able to list all students enrolled in a specific year.
System shall provide functionality to list all students enrolled in a particular year.
User shall be able to view student subject choice information.
System shall maintain and display elective subject choices made by students for different semesters.
User shall be able to manage marks information.
System shall maintain and display marks obtained by students in different semesters, including internal and external marks, total marks, and credits.
User shall be able to generate mark sheets for students.
System shall automatically generate mark sheets for students in different semesters.
User shall be able to generate various reports.
System shall generate reports including student lists for each year, student subject choice lists for each batch year, semester-wise mark lists, and rank-wise lists.
System shall be user-friendly and easy to navigate.
System shall be highly available and reliable with minimal downtime.
System shall have procedures for data backup and disaster recovery.
System shall ensure data privacy and security.
System shall be accessible to users with disabilities.
System shall be extensible to accommodate future features and customizations.
System shall perform well under expected load conditions.
System shall be compatible with specified platforms.
System components shall be reusable in other applications.
System shall be easy to operate and manage.
Student and instructor shall be able to login with ID and password. (Level 0)
System shall identify user and grant permission based on user type (instructor/student). (Level 1)
System shall verify user eligibility to access functions based on permission. (Level 1)
User shall be able to register with ID, password, PIN, email, and ticket number. (Level 1)
System shall check course prerequisites upon student registration. (Level 1)
System shall notify user via email. (Level 1)
Instructor shall be able to edit class attributes. (Level 1)
System shall retrieve current class attributes and allow edits. (Level 1)
System shall store new class attributes. (Level 1)
User shall be able to generate reports on student course information. (Level 1)
System shall retrieve student information, email address, class attributes, and scores. (Level 1)
System shall generate student class information reports. (Level 1)
System shall be able to handle and support the total number of students enrolled in CSUN.
A server shall host the Swiggy App and provide system data processing and storage capability.
An app shall provide a User/Restaurant with all user/restaurant system functionality (according to access control). 
Customer Shall be able to login or skip from registration to enter the menu dashboard.
Customer shall be able to view nearby restaurants(Specified Distance).
Customers shall be able to choose their favourite restaurant or restaurant they wish to order food.
Customer shall be able to view menu and categories and subcategories involved.
Customer shall be able to order foods and add to cart.
Customer shall be able to remove orders from cart.
Customer shall be able to navigate between menu and can add items to cart.
Customer shall be able to engage bill mode to finalize payment through their chosen menu by cash.
Customer shall be able to disengage bill mode to cancel the billing process through their chosen menu by card.
Customer shall be able to cancel the order.
When in billing mode, app shall display a representation of a cash payment for the item ordered.
When in billing mode, app shall display a representation of a bank card payment for each customer.
Customer shall be able to order items from wallet amount.
Customer shall be able to cancel an order and if canceled, money will be transferred to wallet to order food for next time (If Card Payment).
Customer shall be able to receive delivery boy details once the order is picked up.
Customer shall be able to track the delivery boy details.
Customer shall be able to give ratings for the restaurant and delivery boy.
Customer shall be able to favorite the restaurant.
Customer receives notifications for order accepted, once order is picked up, and delivered.
Customer shall be able to use offers for restaurants they have chosen.
Restaurant shall be able to CRUD items from its menu.
Restaurant shall be able to receive orders from customers.
Restaurant shall be able to view the orders which have been ordered by customers.
Restaurant shall be able to accept or cancel orders depending on the order received and availability of items.
Restaurant shall be able to assign a delivery boy to deliver an order.
Restaurant shall be able to receive acknowledgment from the Delivery Boy.
Restaurant shall be able to view the payment.
Restaurant shall be able to receive notifications once an order is delivered.
Restaurant shall be able to give offers.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive incoming requests from restaurants.
Delivery boy shall be able to acknowledge the request.
Delivery boy shall be able to acknowledge the request within 3 seconds of time.
Delivery boy shall be able to reach the restaurant and check order details.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive customer details from the restaurant.
Delivery boy shall be able to pick up and deliver the order to the customer.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive ratings from customers.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive notifications for restaurant details and customer payment details.
Delivery boy shall be able to receive payment if the order is done with cash.
Admin shall be able to manage accounts.
Admin shall be able to CRUD items for restaurants.
Admin shall be able to manage restaurant details.
Admin shall be able to manage restaurant ratings and reviews.
Admin shall be able to display top-rated restaurants.
Admin shall be able to display offers for specific restaurants.
Admin shall be able to facilitate contact between delivery boys and restaurants to replace or cancel orders if items are unavailable.
Admin shall be able to add promo codes and offers.
Dispute panel shall be able to reassign the order in the case, if the delivery boy dint acknowledge the request.
Dispute panel shall manage, if the customer needs replacement of the order or cancellation of the order in case of order not available.
The system shall be able to use the app in different platforms like different versions of OS/Mobiles. 
The system shall be able to do the authentication process for login and payment through bankcard. 
The user shall be able to do payment with a secured bank payment mode. 
The system shall be able to do encryption and decryption of data for the password which is given by the user for login.
The server shall be capable of supporting no less than 200 concurrent connections from any combination of computers, tablets, and displays.
The server shall be capable of supporting an arbitrary number of active customer payments, that is, no payments shall be lost under any circumstances.
The server shall have at least 4 vCPUs, either x86_64 or arm64 architecture.
The server shall have a supported version of a common Linux distribution (Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, Ubuntu 20.04 LTS, Ubuntu 22.04 LTS, Ubuntu 22.10, CentOS, Debian, or RHEL).
The user connecting to the server shall have a supported shell (bash, dash, fish, csh, tcsh, ksh, or zsh).
The following utilities shall be available on the server: tar, wget (or curl), dd, chmod, test, mkdir, echo, mv, uname, command, and gzip.
The $HOME environment variable shall be set correctly on the server.
The $HOME/.cache folder shall be writable by the user connecting to the server.
The IDE and the project shall be located on a local file system (network block storage like EBS is acceptable, network file systems like NFS or SMB are not).
OpenSSH server version 7.9p1 or later shall be installed on the server (other SSH servers fully implementing RFC 4254 may work but are not supported).
SSH port forwarding shall be enabled in the server configuration.
The server shall have at least 8 GB RAM.
The server shall have at least 500MB of free disk space even if the IDE is already installed.
The server shall have a higher clock frequency than core count (preferred).
The internet connection on the server shall have at least 50 Mbps downstream capacity.
The connection between the client and server shall have at least 20 Mbps bandwidth.
The connection between the client and server shall have no more than 200ms latency.
The server environment shall be single-tenant (no other applications running on the same server or container).
VS Code shall be downloadable as a file smaller than 200 MB.
VS Code shall require less than 500 MB of disk space after installation.
VS Code shall be lightweight and run easily on most modern hardware.
VS Code shall not support application virtualization solutions (Microsoft App-V, MSIX for Windows, or third-party alternatives).
VS Code shall require a full operating system when running in a virtual machine environment.
VS Code shall not support multiple simultaneous users on the same machine, including shared virtual desktops or pooled Windows/Linux Virtual Desktop host pools.
Running the full VS Code in Windows/Linux containers is not supported. However, using the Dev Containers extension with the VS Code server running in the container and the client on the desktop is supported.
VS Code shall require GLIBCXX version 3.4.25 or later.
VS Code shall require GLIBC version 2.28 or later.
The system shall allow users to access OneDrive using a Microsoft personal account or a work/school account.
The system shall allow users to have multiple work/school accounts with OneDrive.
The system shall only allow one personal account per user.
The OneDrive website shall be accessible using the latest version of Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Firefox, or Safari.
The system shall support the following operating systems - Windows 10/11 (32-bit or 64-bit) and Windows Server 2022, Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016, or Windows Server 2012 (including R2)
The system shall be accessible through a compatible web browser on a computer or mobile device.
The system shall offer a mobile app for computers and mobile devices for accessing OneDrive.
The OneDrive mobile app shall be compatible with phones and tablets running Android 6.0 or later versions.
The system shall function on a processor with a minimum clock speed of 1.6 GHz.
The system shall be compatible with Intel-based Mac computers and Windows 10/11 ARM-based PCs.
The system shall have a minimum of 1 GB of RAM available.
The system display shall support a minimum resolution of 1024 x 576 pixels.
An internet connection is recommended for the system. (Note: This is a recommendation, not a requirement, so it's not converted to "shall".)
The system shall support file systems with case-insensitive behavior, including NTFS (Windows), HFS+ (Mac), and APFS (Mac).
User shall be able to perform validity checks on inputs.
System shall validate inputs and provide error messages for invalid data.
User shall follow exact sequencing of operations for system tasks.
System shall enforce proper sequencing and provide guidance for users.
User shall be able to observe system responses to abnormal situations.
System shall handle abnormal situations by providing error handling and recovery.
User shall understand the effects of parameters on system operations.
System shall manage and adjust operations based on given parameters.
User shall be aware of relationships between inputs and outputs.
System shall establish relationships between inputs and outputs, including sequences and formulas.
User shall be able to perform data conversion as needed.
System shall provide data conversion functionality for various formats.
System shall support a maximum of 1000 terminals simultaneously.
System shall handle up to 500 simultaneous users without performance degradation.
System shall manage up to 10 terabytes of information in various formats.
System shall process up to 10,000 transactions per minute during normal workload conditions.
System shall handle up to 20,000 transactions per minute during peak workload conditions.
System shall process up to 50 tasks per second to maintain operational efficiency.
System shall complete data processing tasks within 2 seconds under normal workload conditions.
System shall complete data processing tasks within 5 seconds under peak workload conditions.
System shall maintain response time under 100 milliseconds for normal workload conditions.
System shall maintain response time under 200 milliseconds for peak workload conditions.
All numerical requirements stated above are subject to measurable performance monitoring and evaluation.
User shall be able to use a user-friendly interface with optional interactive help for each service.
System shall provide a menu-driven interface with screens including login, language selection, and options for users and administrators.
User shall have a login screen to enter username, pin, and account number.
System shall allow up to three reattempts for unsuccessful login and display supported languages for successful login.
User shall have administrator options to reboot, shut down, block, or disable services.
System shall confirm reboot or shut down and allow user to take backups if needed.
User shall be able to block system access for a user by entering their card number.
System shall allow administrator to block any service by entering the name or selecting from a list.
User shall see a screen with options and brief descriptions for easy selection.
User shall have a screen to check account balance.
User shall have a screen to view the location of all ATMs of the same bank.
User shall have a screen for performing various account transactions.
System shall generate reports for login and logout times, user pin and account number, ATM branch ID, and user account changes.
System shall provide printed statements for user transactions.
User interface shall include a 10-inch VGA color display with 256 color resolution and touch screen support.
Speakers shall support Yamaha codecs.
Keypad shall have 16 tactile keys and 8 tactile function keys.
Keyboard shall be weather resistant.
Transaction receipt shall be 3.1 by 6 inches, while statement receipt shall be 4.2 by 12 inches.
Deposit envelopes shall be 9 inches long and 4 inches wide.
System shall interact with hardware components including power supply, card reader, receipt printer, statement printer, receipt dispenser, and envelope depository.
ATM power supply shall have a 10/220 V AC manual switch.
Card reader shall be a magnetic stripe reader with Smart card option and include an extra indentation for card polarization.
Receipt and statement printers shall be 40 column dot matrix.
Receipt and statement dispensers shall have specified maximum dimensions.
Envelope depository shall meet specified dimensions.
Screen resolution shall be at least 800x600 for complete viewing.
System shall use transaction management software (BMS version 2.0), card management software (CMS version 3.0), and Yamaha codecs.
Database used for record-keeping shall be Oracle version 7.0.
System shall employ dial-up POS with central server using TCP/IP communication protocol.
Data transfer protocol shall be File Transfer Protocol (FTP).
The ATM shall provide customers with 24-hour service for consistent availability.
Card verification time must not exceed 0.8 seconds under normal server workload and 1 second under peak workload.
PIN verification time must not exceed 0.3 seconds under normal workload and 0.5 seconds under peak workload.
Account balance display time must not exceed 2 seconds under normal workload and 3 seconds under peak workload.
Account balance transfer time must not exceed 3 seconds under normal workload and 4 seconds under peak workload.
Cash withdrawal transaction time must not exceed 4 seconds under normal workload and 5 seconds under peak workload.
Deposit transaction time after envelope insertion must not exceed 5 seconds under normal workload and 6 seconds under peak workload.
Receipt printing time must not exceed 3 seconds under both normal and peak workloads.
Touch screen and button response time must not exceed 5000 milliseconds.
Credit card advance time must not exceed 6 seconds under both normal and peak workloads.
All code must be consistent with respect to style.
All functionality must be thoroughly tested through comprehensive test cases.
Data communication protocol shall ensure reliability and quality of data and voice transmission, such as CDMA.
Memory system shall be non-volatile to maintain data reliability.
System shall have a backup power supply for power failures.
Abnormal operations shall cause system shutdown.
ATM shall be manually restarted by maintenance personnel after an abnormal shutdown.
No inconsistency shall be introduced in the account during transactions affected by abnormal shutdowns.
System shall be compatible with AIMS security standards.
System shall use two levels of security: ATM card and PIN verification authenticated by CMS software.
Encryption standard during PIN transmission shall be triple DES.
Passwords shall be 6-14 characters long and not contain the user's name.
Passwords can include digits, hyphens, and underscores.
User shall be allowed up to three login attempts before the card is blocked.
Security camera shall be installed near the ATM.
Cash vault shall be secured with a combination lock.
ATM cabinet cover shall be made of fiberglass for security purposes.
System components such as modem, memory, disk, and drives shall be easily serviceable without vault access.
System shall have self-monitoring to detect faults periodically.
System shall automatically inform the main branch of detected errors, including fault type and problem.
Administrator shall have authority to set rules, regulations, and policies.
Bank staff shall make entries regarding user bank account details.
Staff shall keep user bank accounts updated and consistent.
Staff shall block accounts with illegal transactions or lost/stolen ATM cards upon proper verification.
Staff shall unblock ATM cards blocked after three failed login attempts.
Staff shall monitor all city ATMs for faults and correct any issues immediately.
Staff shall maintain account backups for reliability and rollback changes during abnormal shutdowns.
User must file a First Information Report (FIR) and present a copy for card blocking in case of lost ATM card.
System shall generate logs of user bank account details, account updates with date, time, and changes, and fixed asset schedules.
User shall be able to enter URL to access the homepage.
User shall be able to receive an error message if the server is busy or under maintenance.
User shall be able to sign up by entering their name, email, contact number, and password, receiving a confirmation code on their contact number.
User shall be able to log in with their email and password and receive a message indicating successful sign-in.
User shall be able to search for categories by video name or type.
User shall be able to click on subcategories and videos to view all videos related to a specific category.
User shall be able to download videos by clicking the download button and view them afterward.
User shall be able to add videos to their list by clicking "Add to Mylist" and view them on the Mylist page.
User shall be able to subscribe by entering bank name, card number, and one-time password, and receive confirmation of successful subscription.
User shall be able to view video details such as video length and size by entering the video name.
User shall be able to search for job opportunities in Netflix.
User shall be able to submit feedback by entering their name, address, contact number, and feedback, and receive confirmation of successful submission.
User shall be able to choose video quality by entering the desired quality level, such as 320p, 480p, 720p, or 1080p, and view the video in that quality.
User shall be able to save videos offline in the mobile app by clicking "Save Offline" and receive confirmation that the video was saved.
User shall be able to mark videos as favorite and view them on the favorites page.
User shall be able to view the latest movies and television shows by clicking "Latest."
User shall be able to view trailers of upcoming shows and movies by clicking "Upcoming."
User shall be able to select a channel and view content from that channel.
User shall be able to provide ratings for videos by clicking on ratings and receive confirmation that the rating was submitted.
User shall be able to receive help with queries by clicking "Help" and receive assistance.
User shall be able to reset their password if they forgot it by following the password reset process.
User shall be able to connect their account to Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Administrator shall be able to add or upload videos and receive confirmation of successful upload.
Administrator shall be able to remove videos by entering the video name and receive confirmation of successful removal.
Administrator shall be able to manage queries regarding videos and respond to user queries.
Administrator shall be able to save contact details such as number, address, and pin code and display a "Contact Us" button.
Administrator shall be able to handle complaints regarding content by providing solutions or forwarding the issue to the related department and communicating the solution to the user.
Administrator shall be able to cancel subscriptions and receive confirmation of successful cancellation.
Administrator shall be able to arrange videos in their respective categories in the database.
The subscription will end if the user does not respond to the subscription package within the allotted time frame.
The system shall display "video not found" if the requested video is not available.
New videos shall be uploaded daily.
Subscription packages shall have a duration of one month.
Netflix shall be available 24 hours a day.
User accessibility shall be censured in all ways.
Users are advised to change their passwords regularly and not share their user ID and password with anyone.
Users shall be limited to three attempts to enter their password.
The website shall focus on software quality attributes such as security and performance.
Only maintainers are allowed to add new videos to the website.
The website must be capable of storing all data formats and should frequently connect to the database or be database sensitive.
Users shall be able to view the profiles of doctors within the PRACTO network and fetch their complete profiles in a single request, returning multiple results for convenient search.
Users shall be able to search for PRACTO services in a particular city or their current location, as well as find doctors by name, specialization, and locality, as well as search for nearby clinics, gyms, spas, salons, and healthcare centers.
Users shall be able to consult with doctors remotely by asking queries online, which can be answered by doctors or assured anonymous users, with the ability to choose the best solution from multiple answers.
Users shall be able to register with PRACTO using valid information and log in using their credentials to access PRACTO services.
Users shall be able to find and book appointments with doctors for checkups or treatments.
Doctors shall be able to log in to check patient information, answer patient queries, perform daily activities, set reminders, and communicate with their staff.
Users shall be able to contact doctors through email, phone calls, or SMS, providing accurate information for their queries.
Performance requirements The capability of the computer depends on the performance of the software. The software can take any number of inputs provided the database size is larger enough. This would depend on the available memory space.
The system shall allow users to create accounts and log in to the server.
The system shall allow users to create new scores.
The system shall allow users to delete scores they own.
The system shall allow users to rename scores they own.
The system shall allow users to grant other users permission to modify scores they own.
The system shall allow users to add musical notes and rests to a score using the mouse.
The system shall allow users to add sharps and flats to music using the mouse.
The system shall allow users to add multiple lines of music to a score.
The system shall support the use of key signatures in scores.
The system shall allow users to edit scores using the keyboard.
The system shall allow multiple users to edit a score simultaneously and gracefully handle any conflicts.
The system shall automatically delineate measures within a score.
The system shall allow users to chat with other users who are collaborating on a score.
The system shall allow users to change the tempo of the music within a score.
The system shall allow users to select different clefs for a score.
The system shall support the addition of chords to a score.
The system shall include "legality" checks to ensure user-placed notes adhere to musical rules.
The system shall include "grammar" checks to ensure proper placement of slurs and ties.
The system shall allow users to convert a score to a playable format.
The system shall highlight the currently playing notes during playback.
The system shall provide temporary color-coded highlighting to show edits and changes made by other users.
The system shall allow users to import MIDI files.
The system shall allow users to export scores to a visual format.
The system shall allow users to print musical scores.
The system shall allow users to create scores with multiple sheets for different instruments.
The system shall allow users to compare two versions of a score side-by-side, differentiated by measure.
The system should be secure to protect user data and prevent unauthorized access.
The system should be responsive and handle edits and playback smoothly.
The system should be able to handle a growing number of users and scores.
The system should be easy to learn and use for users with varying levels of musical experience.
The system shall be compatible with a supported operating system (Windows or macOS) and meet the minimum hardware specifications for Adobe Illustrator to function properly.
The system shall meet the minimum requirements to allow for successful activation of Adobe Illustrator and access to all features.
The system shall have sufficient hardware resources to support all functionalities of Adobe Illustrator without limitations due to insufficient hardware.
Adobe Illustrator shall support both Intel and AMD processors.
Adobe Illustrator shall be compatible with a minimum processor of Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon 64.
Adobe Illustrator shall require a 64-bit version of the operating system.
Adobe Illustrator shall function with a minimum of 8 GB of RAM.
The system shall have at least 2 GB of available hard-disk space to install Adobe Illustrator.
The graphics card shall support OpenGL version 4.x.
The computer shall have a processor that supports 64-bit architecture (multicore Intel or AMD Athlon 64).
The software shall support touch interaction with the interface using fingers or a stylus for actions like drawing, manipulating objects, and adjusting tools.
The software shall utilize pressure applied on the touch-screen to vary line weight during drawing.
The software shall allow users to adjust the size and angle of brushes on the touch-screen.
The software shall recognize gestures like pinch-to-zoom for manipulating objects on the canvas.
The graphics card shall support OpenGL version 4.0 or higher (minimum requirement).
The graphics card shall support features utilizing GPU Performance (optional).
The software activation process shall allow users to access and use their licensed copy of Adobe Illustrator CC with all its features and functionalities.
Adobe Creative Cloud shall provide access to Adobe Illustrator CC during the activation process.
The system shall respond to user input from drawing tools with high speed and responsiveness.
The system shall handle complex projects and large files without lag or slowdown.
The system shall render complex graphics and enable smooth on-screen navigation.
The application shall perform smoothly with minimal lag or crashes during regular usage.
The application shall render images and effects efficiently to maintain a productive workflow.
The application shall operate without unexpected crashes or errors during use.
Adobe Illustrator shall achieve smooth operation and optimal performance.
The minimum processor clock speed shall be 2 GHz.
Adobe Illustrator shall support Apple Silicon (M1 and M2) processors starting from Datylon for Illustrator R46 onwards.
Apple Silicon processors shall offer enhanced performance and power efficiency.
For optimal performance, Adobe Illustrator shall recommend a minimum of 16 GB of RAM.
Increased RAM shall improve the software's ability to handle complex projects, multiple layers, and large file sizes.
Adequate RAM shall enable faster rendering, smoother zooming, and an overall improved user experience.
More RAM shall allow Illustrator to handle extensive use of drawing tools, complex vector illustrations, and advanced effects without significant lag or slowdown.
During installation, the system shall have additional free space available beyond the minimum requirement.
Adobe Illustrator shall not be installed on a volume with a case-sensitive file system.
The graphics card should have at least 1 GB of VRAM and support OpenGL version 4.0 for enabling GPU Performance (optional feature for enhanced performance with graphic-intensive tasks).
The system shall provide a smooth user experience, which can be improved by a compatible graphics card.
The system shall render complex projects faster with a compatible graphics card.
Adobe Illustrator shall run smoothly and efficiently on a system that meets the 64-bit requirements.
The user experience with Adobe Illustrator shall be enhanced by meeting the 64-bit requirements.
Adobe Illustrator shall handle more complex projects when 64-bit support is implemented.
Adobe Illustrator shall provide access to advanced features and functionality with 64-bit support.
The software interface shall be designed to provide a more intuitive and natural drawing experience for users with a touch-screen enabled tablet/monitor.
The software shall allow users to create precise and intricate designs more easily with a touch-screen enabled tablet/monitor.
The graphics card may improve overall performance and user experience.
The graphics card should have at least 1 GB of VRAM for optimal performance (optional).
The graphics card should ensure smoother and faster operation for graphic rendering and complex vector calculations (benefit).
The graphics card compatibility with minimum requirements shall allow full utilization of Adobe Illustrator's capabilities (benefit).
Adobe Creative Cloud shall offer seamless updates for Adobe Illustrator CC, ensuring users automatically receive the latest versions with new features and bug fixes.
Adobe Creative Cloud shall provide users with access to other Adobe creative applications (e.g., Photoshop, Premiere) to enhance their creative workflow by enabling seamless integration.
The system shall utilize a high-performance CPU to improve the speed and responsiveness of drawing tools.
The system shall have adequate RAM to handle complex projects and large files without lag or slowdown.
The system shall support a dedicated graphics card (GPU) for rendering complex graphics and smooth on-screen navigation.
The system shall provide a high-quality display with accurate color reproduction and high resolution.
The system may support a touch-screen-enabled tablet or monitor for a more intuitive and natural drawing experience.
User shall be able to efficiently store and retrieve data in MySQL databases.
System shall support SQL for querying and manipulating data.
User shall be able to manage transactions in MySQL to ensure data integrity.
System shall include schema definition, data manipulation, transaction management, concurrency control, indexing, query optimization, backup and recovery, monitoring, and maintenance.
User shall be able to access secure authentication mechanisms for controlling access to databases.
System shall encrypt sensitive data to prevent unauthorized access.
User shall be able to use role-based access control to grant permissions to users.
System shall provide tools for database backup and restoration.
User shall be able to use automated backup scheduling for ensuring data availability.
System shall enable point-in-time recovery to restore databases to specific states.
User shall be able to interact with databases using multiple interfaces such as the Command-Line Interface (CLI), Graphical User Interface (GUI) tools like MySQL Workbench, and Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) for various programming languages.
System shall provide accessibility features to accommodate users with disabilities and support multiple languages for international users.
User shall benefit from MySQL's support for replication to ensure data redundancy and fault tolerance.
System shall maintain database availability through failover mechanisms in case of server failures.
User shall receive adherence to SLAs for uptime and performance, including monitoring of database performance and alerts for potential issues.
System shall optimize query execution for performance improvement using indexing and caching mechanisms to enhance query response times.
User shall experience support for both horizontal and vertical scaling in MySQL to accommodate growing data volumes and user loads.
System shall encrypt data at rest and in transit to protect against unauthorized access, adhering to industry standards and regulations.
User shall have access to auditing features in MySQL to track database access and modifications, including the generation of audit logs for compliance and security purposes.
System shall offer comprehensive documentation for installation, configuration, and usage, as well as troubleshooting guides and FAQs for resolving common issues.
User shall use MySQL subject to the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL), with options for commercial licenses for additional features, support, and legal assurances.
System shall require users to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing data privacy, security, and intellectual property rights, including legal notices related to licensing, copyrights, trademarks, and usage restrictions in production environments.
Students shall be able to choose courses.
Students shall be able to attend lectures at the scheduled time or view them later on request.
Students shall be able to view their attendance records, progress reports, etc.
Students shall be able to participate in forums, blogs, and discussions.
Students shall be able to take quizzes.
Faculties shall be able to conduct lectures.
Faculties shall be able to upload assignments, announcements, and answer sheets.
Faculties shall be able to upload lectures and discussions in various formats (videos, presentations, etc.).
Faculties shall be able to upload and download assignments, college notices, student notices, journals, and videos.
Faculties shall be able to participate in forums, blogs, and discussions.
Administrator shall be able to generate reports, log files, and backup/recover data at any time.
Administrator shall be able to create users, departments, and courses.
Dean shall be able to view details of all users (students, faculty, etc.).
The system shall only allow registered users to access courses.
The system shall require a valid user ID and password for access.
The system shall allow students to choose courses and view their attendance records, grades, etc.
The system shall allow students to share resources through forums.
The system shall allow faculty to upload course materials (syllabus, lesson plans, notes, etc.) and question banks.
The system shall send alerts to students about upcoming quiz deadlines.
The system shall be available 24/7.
The e-learning tool shall be compatible with both Windows and Linux operating systems.
The GUI and other parts of the software shall be developed using JAVA and J2EE.
The software output shall be viewable in a web browser.
The software shall display information on a monitor screen.
The software shall interact with mouse movements and clicks to activate data input areas, command buttons, and menu options.
The software shall interact with keyboard keystrokes for data entry.
Each user shall have a unique username, password, user ID, department affiliation, duration (in years), age, grade, and user role.
A user shall be able to create an account using their email address and password.
The user shall be able to choose to log in with a Google account.
A user shall be able to select the login option (email/password or Google account).
The system shall verify the entered login credentials (email/password) and grant access if valid.
A user shall be able to view and modify their personal information.
A user shall be able to search for courses using keywords.
The system shall display a list of courses matching the search criteria.
The course details shall include title, description, price, duration, instructor information, and enrollment details.
A user shall be able to enroll in a course.
The system shall display the payment options and course fee.
A user shall be able to select a payment method and complete the payment.
Upon successful payment, the user shall be enrolled in the course.
The system shall provide separate interfaces for students, faculty, and administrators.
The application shall operate on all modern web browsers with all its core functionalities.
The application shall not slow down during peak hours and maintain consistent service quality.
The learning website shall implement security measures to prevent unauthorized access, modification, or deletion of data.
The system shall provide a secure login mechanism using advanced encryption algorithms.
Usernames and passwords shall not be shared with anyone (students, faculty, or others).
The system shall require customer registration for making purchases.
The system shall allow customer login using a valid user ID and password.
The system shall enable logged-in customers to modify their shopping cart.
The system shall currently support cash payments, with future expansion for credit/debit cards.
The system shall offer a logout option for customers after shopping or browsing.
The website shall be compatible with all browsers.
The website shall support screen reader software for disabled users and comply with 508 standards.
The system shall allow users to upload videos.
The system shall allow users to search for videos using keywords or other criteria.
The system shall allow users to view videos.
The platform shall experience minimal to no buffering during video playback.
The system shall achieve high availability, ensuring videos are accessible even during potential data inconsistencies.
The system shall maintain low latency for a responsive user experience.
Uploaded videos shall be stored reliably with no data loss. High availability takes priority over strict data consistency.
The system shall utilize an object store (S3) for storing large video files.
The system shall utilize a relational database (MetadataDB) for storing structured video metadata like title, language, size, and duration.
The system shall implement an Elasticsearch cluster to facilitate full-text search functionalities.
The system shall deliver videos across various devices (mobiles, PCs, TVs) by employing different video encoding formats.
The system shall ensure video reliability through replication and geographical distribution of video files.
The system shall utilize a video splitter to divide large video files into smaller chunks for efficient processing within the system.
The system shall employ an asynchronous ingestion queue (e.g., Kafka or AWS Kinesis) for processing video data.
The system shall leverage a Content Delivery Network (CDN) (e.g., AWS Cloudfront or Akamai CDN) to deliver videos with low latency.
User shall be able to register by entering their name, email, and password, with successful registration if no existing user is found with the same email.
System shall initialize username and password for user login and confirm successful login if the credentials are valid.
User shall receive form validation for the input of name, email, and password, with a confirmation message if the inputs are valid.
System shall allow users to update their profile details, including name, email, password, mobile number, address, and date of birth, with successful updates confirmed.
User shall be able to search for flights by entering destination, boarding place, and date of journey, with a display of available flights matching the criteria.
System shall allow users to search for buses using destination, boarding place, and date of journey, displaying available buses according to user requirements.
User shall be able to search for trains by providing destination, boarding place, and date of journey, receiving a display of available trains matching the search criteria.
System shall enable users to search and book hotels by specifying place and date, providing a list of available hotels with cost information, and redirecting to the payment gateway when booking.
User shall confirm booking by selecting a mode of transport and number of travelers, with availability checked and redirection to the payment gateway if seats are available.
System shall allow users to search and book tours by specifying place and number of travelers, providing tour plans with costs, destinations, and accommodations, with redirection to payment gateway for booking.
User shall be able to complete payments by providing card details, with verification against the bank server and successful debits for approved transactions.
System shall allow users to rate and review services by providing comments on tour plans or services, with comments stored in the database and a thank you message displayed.
System shall provide secure access to confidential data, such as user details, by utilizing SSL encryption.
System shall maintain 24/7 availability to ensure continuous access and service.
System shall employ optimized component design to achieve better performance during peak usage times.
System shall adopt a flexible service-based architecture to support future expansion and scalability.
The Life Insurance System shall provide registration forms for customers, agents, and employees.
The system shall allow agents to send medical reports of customers to the verification department.
Verification department employees shall verify and approve or disapprove applications upon receiving requests from agents.
The system shall provide an interface for verification department employees to send status reports to finance and legal contract departments.
The system shall provide a help link that downloads a user manual and projects it onto the screen when users encounter difficulty using the program.
The system shall notify customers about the status of their insurance policies.
The system shall maintain consistent security through the use of passwords.
The system shall signal the mail message generator to send emails to customers and agents when needed.
The system shall communicate with the database through a wireless Ethernet system.
The system shall not have explicit performance requirements, as server requests and responses depend on the end user's internet connection.
The system shall provide redundant storage of all databases on automatic switchover computers to ensure reliability.
The system shall maintain a continuously updated backup of the database to ensure reliability and stability.
The system shall be available at all times, allowing user access via a web browser, except during server downtime.
In case of hardware failure or database corruption, the system shall display a replacement page and retrieve backups from the server.
The system shall be restarted by the administrator in the event of a failure.
The system shall use an MVC architecture to maintain sessions for better security and performance.
The system shall handle online payments through payment gateways using 128 SSL encryption.
The system shall use a commercial database and an application server to maintain the database and site.
The system shall support re-initialization in case of failure, and its software design shall prioritize modularity for efficient maintainability.
A sale transaction authorizes and settles the requested amount against the indicated payment method.
The system shall receive products' IDs from the bar code reader and weight readings from the automatic weighing scale.
The system shall query the database for product information, calculate the total payable amount after taxes, and create a bill in printable format.
The system shall print a formatted bill for the customer.
In case of a network connection error, the system shall handle the error and prevent transaction processing.
The manager shall view sales statistics in various formats such as pie charts, bar graphs, and tabular formats.
The system shall accept an item identification parameter and a time period or duration as input.
The system shall generate profit statistics based on the database's cost and selling price of the particular product for every transaction during the specified period.
The system shall display and allow the manager to print the profit statistics in the requested format.
The manager shall update the prices for all items available in the supermarket according to changing market prices.
The system shall accept the product identification parameter and new price for the product as input.
The system shall look into the database, display product information, and update the database with the new price.
The system shall display the product information with the updated price.
The supermarket staff shall add new items to the inventory.
The system shall accept the product ID and quantity of the newly arrived product as input.
The system shall check if the product ID exists in the inventory database and update the quantity if it does, otherwise, it shall add new product information to the database.
The system shall display a confirmation message regarding the product ID and amount update.
The user shall be able to experience high performance with a high-speed network and high connectivity.
The system shall be reliable and the network connectivity in the supermarket shall be stable for smooth operations and data flow.
The user shall have a unique login ID and password stored in the database using SHA-2 hashing algorithm for security.
The system shall be available for use from the supermarket's opening time to its closing time.
The user shall be able to register on the website before booking tickets.
The user shall be able to log in to the system using a valid user ID and password to book tickets.
The user shall be able to cancel booked tickets if they need to change their travel dates.
The user shall be able to choose from different secure payment options, such as debit or credit card, check, or bank draft, provided by third-party services like Paytm.
The user shall be able to log out after booking tickets.
The system shall generate a PDF report of all transactions and send a copy to the customer's email address and another copy to the system database for monthly transaction calculation.
The system shall work on a client-server architecture and require an internet server capable of running PHP applications, supporting commonly used browsers like Internet Explorer.
The system shall include measures of service quality, such as ease of booking, hassle-free check-in, efficient ticketing staff, regular announcements during flight delays, on-time performance, in-flight experience, baggage handling, and value for money.
The system shall use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) for all transactions involving confidential passenger information and automatically log out customers after a period of inactivity.
The system shall not leave any cookies containing the user's password on the customer's computer, and back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
The system shall encrypt sensitive data before sending it over insecure connections like the internet.
The system shall provide storage of all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover and continuous backup maintenance and updates.
The system's overall stability shall depend on the stability of its components and underlying operating system.
The system shall be available at all times, only restricted by server downtime, and show a replacement page in case of hardware failure or database corruption.
The system shall retrieve and save database backups in case of hardware failure or database corruption and restart the service to ensure 24/7 availability.
The system shall use a commercial database for maintenance, with the application server taking care of the site.
In case of failure, the program shall re-initialize, and the software design shall support modularity for efficient maintainability.
The application shall be HTML and scripting language-based, allowing end users to use the system on any web browser and any hardware platform available now or in the future.
The system shall run on various operating systems, including Windows and Linux, and be compatible with PCs, laptops, and PDAs.
User shall be able to initialize parameters (t, k, m, n) and set the parameters during the initialization process.
System shall display an initial screen if there is no software on the device.
User shall receive an error message if the software is running out of validation and will be prevented from using extra features.
System shall check the validity of the entered key and terminate installation if the key is invalid or expired.
System shall read the valid serial number and linked address and initiate the authorization dialog.
System shall log the serial number in a log file.
User shall be prompted to enter their serial key, and the system shall verify information and password with the service provider.
System shall display an error message and terminate installation if the authorization dialog receives a negative answer from the service provider.
System shall finish the authorization process and begin installing if the password and serial number are valid.
User shall receive a message to call the team if they enter a wrong serial key three times in a row.
System shall verify the validity of the antivirus serial key during authorization.
System shall send a message to the main developer team if the serial key is invalid.
System shall verify the password during installation to ensure the antivirus copy is valid.
System shall send an invalid serial key message to the device if the password is invalid.
System shall notify the device of issues with the account if the serial key is valid but there are account problems.
System shall confirm the product is verified to the device if the software, key, and password are valid.
System shall update the software if the version expires.
System shall only provide security for the computer and devices belonging to the user.
System shall stop protecting the device from threats if the software validity exceeds the limit.
User shall be able to perform well even under adverse conditions such as high or low RAM usage.
System shall require a good internet connection for optimal performance.
User shall ensure that the device has sufficient RAM for smooth operation.
User shall be advised not to lose the serial key for software registration.
User shall be required to register the software with a serial key provided in the kit.
User shall have a registered email linked to the software.
User shall have a registered phone number for software registration.
User shall carefully select installation options during the software installation process.
System shall limit user accessibility to protect the software.
User shall be advised to use genuine antivirus software.
User shall be advised to update the software as soon as a new update is available.
System shall allow only one antivirus to be installed on a single device at a time.
System shall maintain security and performance quality attributes for optimal software quality.
User shall provide a valid email for Google Games to execute the application on their device.
System shall check if the provided email is valid and proceed to the next interface if successful or display an invalid email error.
User shall enter a valid username to continue using the application.
System shall check the availability of the entered username and proceed with account creation if available.
User shall connect the device to a network to use the application.
System shall display an error message if the device is not connected to a network and terminate the application.
User shall provide the necessary permissions to allow the application to interact with social media apps on their device.
System shall display a successful message if permissions are granted or proceed without retrieving social media information if permissions are denied.
User shall be able to purchase additional features through online payments to enhance their gaming experience.
System shall open an online payment gateway for the user to proceed with the purchase.
User shall select a mode of payment and enter valid details to continue the payment process.
System shall authenticate the payment details and proceed to the next interface.
User shall enter a one-time password to complete the payment if provided with correct credentials.
System shall display a successful transaction message after processing the one-time password.
User shall provide input through touch, tap, or drag on the screen to perform actions within the application.
System shall process the user's input and perform the desired action in the application interface.
User shall communicate with other users of the application to share resources, compete, or collaborate.
User shall view their progress within the game through graphics and stats generated by the application.
System shall provide stats in numbers and progress bars to display the user's achievements.
User shall be guided through the application functions with a graphics-oriented startup guide.
System shall help the user understand how the application works and how to approach its various functions.
User shall be able to delete their account, which will update the database and notify the server.
System shall process the account deletion request and update the database accordingly.
System shall have a strong network of servers managed by a qualified team to handle application functionality worldwide.
System shall maintain a database to store user progress for a seamless gaming experience across sessions.
System shall authenticate the user before launching the application using the saved username.
System shall update the user account after any in-app purchases and display a message for successful transactions.
System shall provide visual feedback in the form of infographics such as numbers and progress bars for profile changes.
System shall establish a safe connection between users over the network for optimal gaming experiences.
System shall notify the recipient user of a connection request and allow them to accept or decline.
System shall notify the sender if the requested user is unavailable.
User shall receive a message for any successful or unsuccessful action performed.
System shall secure in-app purchases via encryption and use a reliable payment gateway.
System shall update user stats in real time after every achievement or completed action for an enhanced gaming experience.
User shall receive a message when network coverage is low.
System shall ensure response time between requests and completion is minimal.
System shall be optimized for fast loading on supported devices.
The application must be accessible to all users without any charges.
System shall provide all necessary security measures during online payments to maintain user privacy and integrity.
User data, such as username and email, shall be kept confidential for security purposes
System shall minimize the response time between user requests and task completion.
System shall ensure the application loads quickly on supported devices.
The application shall be available to all users without any charges.
System shall provide necessary security measures during online payments to maintain user privacy and integrity.
User data such as username and email shall be kept confidential for security purposes.
The application shall be easy to maintain, with access restricted to a select group of authorized personnel to maintain integrity.
User shall be able to download the Skype application from an application store or similar service on their mobile phone without any charge.
User shall have a profile page where they can edit information such as password, email address, and phone number.
User shall be able to register easily through the mobile application by providing a username, password, and email address; a phone number may also be provided optionally.
User shall be able to log in to the mobile application after registering, with the option for automatic login in the future.
User shall be able to retrieve their password via email.
System shall display the search page as the first page once the user is logged in, enabling them to search for other users based on their preferences.
User shall be able to choose the type of conversation (video chat, messaging, file transfer, etc.) after selecting the user to communicate with.
User shall be able to make Skype-to-Skype calls, calls to mobile and landline phones, and group calls, and use Skype numbers.
User shall be able to participate in one-to-one and group video chats.
User shall have access to various messaging features, including emojis, emoticons, internet messaging, text messages, and voice messages.
User shall be able to share files, screen share, conduct group screen sharing, and send contacts.
System shall not function without an internet connection.
The search feature shall be prominent and easy for the user to find, enabling efficient navigation.
System shall provide high-quality images and clear quality video calling for an optimal user experience.
System shall offer quick calling features with minimal response time.
System shall tolerate faults and inform the user if the connection to the internet, GPS device, or other inputs are disrupted.
System shall handle errors effectively.
System shall ensure secure communication between the user and server by encrypting messages during log-in sessions to protect usernames and passwords.
System shall encrypt all communication messages during log-in sessions.
System shall deny access to admin accounts that attempt to log in with non-existing credentials and notify the admin of the log-in failure.
User shall be able to create user credentials by entering first name, last name, address, email, and password, and upon successful creation, be redirected to the dashboard with a confirmation message.
User shall be able to post queries, sell, or advertise products by entering personal information such as first name, last name, address, phone number, email, and password, and upon successful submission, receive replies and facilitate sales.
System shall facilitate connections between agricultural product wholesalers and retailers, and farmers and other customers, allowing users to be redirected to the admin dashboard with a success message.
User shall be able to ask questions to agricultural experts by entering a question and additional information, which will be stored in the database for further processing.
Agricultural experts shall be able to respond to user queries, which will be displayed on the users dashboard upon successful reply.
Agricultural exports shall be able to post information for users to view by entering agricultural news, books, and technology developments for display.
Agricultural and animal product producers shall be able to add items for sale with product details such as product name, quantity, product rate, required place, and contact details.
Customers shall be able to search for new products in the database by entering item names, and upon successful search, view detailed product information.
Consumers shall be able to purchase agricultural products by searching the database for items for sale, and upon successful search, be redirected to the search results page.
The system shall support concurrent users, enabling multiple users to access information simultaneously with efficient and quick display time changes.
The system shall maintain reliability by ensuring the separate components within the application work consistently, responding smoothly to network errors, handling large datasets and user volume, and avoiding crashes unless due to operating system errors.
The application shall be available for download on the Google Play Store, allowing users to access it at any time.
The system shall provide security by encrypting user passwords stored in the database and protecting against online threats such as SQL injection attacks.
The database shall be maintained using MySQL, and the server will be Apache; in case of system failure, both the database and server can be reinitialized.
The application shall be built for the Android operating system, limiting compatibility with other systems; it may not function on other operating systems due to system-dependent technologies.
The system shall facilitate the booking of LPG cylinders for users.
Users shall be able to voluntarily give up their subsidy through the system.
The system shall provide information about new government schemes related to LPG.
Users shall be able to participate in discussion forums within the system.
Notifications about important updates and events shall be sent to users through the system.
Users shall be able to register for a new LPG connection using the system.
The system shall allow users to provide feedback on their experiences and suggestions.
User shall be able to book LPG cylinder online by registering on the website and selecting the company to be redirected to their portal for booking.
System shall redirect user to the particular company's portal upon selecting a company from the list.
User shall be able to select the online booking option for LPG cylinder.
User shall be able to enter their consumer number to verify and complete the booking.
User shall be able to give up LPG subsidy by being redirected to their company's portal and selecting the option.
System shall redirect user to the particular company's portal upon selecting 'give up LPG subsidy' option.
User shall be able to enter their consumer number to verify and abandon the subsidy.
User shall be able to register for a new LPG connection by being redirected to their company's portal and filling out the registration form.
System shall redirect user to the particular company's portal upon selecting 'new LPG connection' option.
User shall be able to enter required details in the registration form for a new LPG connection.
User shall experience optimal performance above 40 kbps internet speed.
System shall require minimum 40 kbps internet speed for optimal performance.
System shall require users to have Java plug-ins enabled and CSS functioning properly.
System recommends using Google Chrome browser for best experience.
System shall authenticate logins and signups for users with accounts.
System shall maintain data integrity by preventing data loss through proper database management.
System shall utilize sessions for transactions to ensure data consistency.
System shall implement security measures to protect the database from unauthorized access.
System shall restrict users to access only their own accounts after login.
System shall validate email and phone numbers during signup to ensure uniqueness.
System shall encrypt transactions to protect them from unauthorized interception.
System shall display new government notifications related to LPG.
System shall allow users to participate in online discussions about LPG.
System shall showcase the latest safety tips and tools for LPG usage.
System shall display the number of people who have given up LPG subsidy.
System shall advertise new and attractive LPG schemes.
User shall not be able to reclaim a subsidy after giving it up.
User shall not be able to cancel an LPG cylinder booking after 24 hours.
User shall not be able to register multiple times on the system.
Users who give up subsidy will be displayed on the Scroll of Honor.
The system shall verify if the image adheres to a standard format.
The system shall prompt the user to enter the desired height and width of the cropped image.
The system shall rotate the picture by 90 degrees.
Upon image editing completion, the edited image shall be saved.
The system shall prompt the user to specify the destination for the import operation.
The system shall provide functionalities for adding, updating, and deleting user information.
The system shall prioritize continuous operation and ensure that any interruptions can be demonstrably attributed to a trusted operating system issue.
The software shall be designed for cross-platform compatibility, ensuring it runs on Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh, Android phones, iPhones, and personal computers.
The system shall employ security measures considered standard for software applications that access user email.
Adobe Photoshop shall be designed to achieve a rapid operational restart, minimizing customer inconvenience.
The system shall be accompanied by well-documented code, user documentation, and help systems, all designed for clarity and ease of understanding.
The Khan Academy platform shall be accessible for use by participating schools.
The Khan Academy platform shall offer instructional resources in mathematics.
The Khan Academy platform shall provide students with opportunities to practice and refine math skills.
The Khan Academy platform shall provide students with immediate feedback on their performance.
The Khan Academy platform shall provide opportunities for students to learn independently.
The Khan Academy platform shall be easy to use for students and teachers with varying levels of technical experience.
The Khan Academy platform shall be accessible on a variety of devices, including computers, tablets, and laptops.
The Khan Academy platform shall be reliable and available for use during school hours.
The Khan Academy platform shall provide data and reports to help teachers monitor student progress.
The Khan Academy platform shall be engaging for students.
The system shall store customer and prospect information in a centralized CRM database.
The system shall allow users to create, schedule, track, and manage tasks related to sales activities.
The system shall integrate with Gmail and Outlook to provide access to sales productivity tools within user inboxes.
The system shall provide tools for sending bulk emails, creating customized emails, and tracking email performance.
The system shall offer built-in analytics to track marketing activities, user sessions, engagement metrics, and campaign performance.
The system shall provide tools for capturing leads through forms, landing pages, and chatbots.
The system shall offer automation tools and workflows to streamline tasks, engage leads, and nurture customer relationships.
The system shall allow users to segment contacts based on various criteria for targeted communication.
The system shall enable users to generate reports and analyze sales data and marketing trends.
The system shall provide an API for integration with other software applications.
The system shall offer a meeting scheduling tool and live chat functionality to connect with prospects and customers.
The system shall provide a mobile app for accessing CRM functionalities on the go.
The system shall offer a customer support portal for managing customer relationships and resolving post-service issues.
The system shall provide a ticketing system for organizing and managing customer queries.
The system shall offer SEO recommendations for improving website and content search engine ranking.
The system shall integrate with various third-party applications (e.g., SurveyMonkey, Eventbrite) to enhance functionality.
The system shall be scalable to support at least 200 concurrent connections (P1).
The system shall not lose any orders or customer payments under any circumstances (P2, P3).
The system should be accessible on various devices (mobile app implies mobile accessibility).
User shall be able to log in and log out to the system to verify authorization for system usage.
User shall be able to register students through the website, and the admin shall be able to register new students.
User shall be able to generate fee challans from the site, and the admin shall update fee details.
User (teacher) shall be able to update students' marks on the site, and students shall be able to download their marks report.
User (teacher) shall be able to mark, view, and update students' attendance; the system shall display attendance to the respective student, and students shall be able to download attendance reports from the system.
User (admin) shall be able to provide information about the courses and teachers, as well as view and update course details.
User (admin) shall be able to provide information about scholarships, and eligible students shall be able to apply for scholarships through the system.
System shall respond in less than 2 seconds.
System shall remain available to the user without crashing.
System shall be compatible with Windows and Linux operating systems.
System shall be able to store up to 300GB of data.
System shall run on devices with less than 1GB RAM.
System shall protect against damage.
System shall restore data if a database crash occurs.
System shall ensure the privacy of students and teachers; data shall not be stolen or accessed by non-users.
System shall allow only admins to update the database.
System shall restrict access to modules based on user roles, preventing students from updating marks.
System shall be available 24 hours a day.
System shall protect against data loss.
System shall interconnect with other systems.
System shall be reliable with no failures.
System shall be easy to learn and use.
System shall be flexible.
System shall be robust.
System shall be testable.
Admin shall monitor the whole process.
HEC rules shall be implemented while creating the system.
Only teachers shall mark students' attendance; neither admin nor students shall do so.
Fee shall be paid by students and verified by the admin.
Only eligible students shall apply for scholarships, which shall be verified by the admin.
Users shall be able to register with a unique ID using their email address.
Users shall be able to log in using a username and password, which must match the authentication criteria. If the login is successful, users can access the provided functionalities of the system.
Admin shall be able to manage tournaments by creating a unique ID for each new tournament, scheduling matches, and conducting one tournament at a time.
Admin shall be able to manage teams, including creating a unique ID for each team and managing team details.
The system shall be able to update match statistics, including match date and result, and display the updated statistics.
The system shall be able to update team statistics, including team and player performance, and display the team statistics.
Admin shall be able to schedule matches by specifying the date, time, and location, as well as reschedule matches due to bad weather conditions.
Admin shall be able to declare match results, including the names of the winning and losing teams and the final score.
Admin shall be able to edit match and stadium details, including match descriptions and stadium locations.
Only admin shall know the number of bidders bidding on teams and their details.
Only admin shall know the percentage of bidders bidding on a particular team, and the system shall display the bidding percentages.
Bidders shall be able to view the bidder leaderboard, including the top three positions, without seeing other bidders' predictions.
Bidders shall be able to view the team leaderboard in ascending order of points and use the information for bidding decisions.
Bidders shall be able to choose the team they wish to bid on until the toss occurs; once the toss happens, the match is frozen.
Bidders shall score points based on their predictions, with point values varying depending on the point difference between the two teams playing.
User shall be able to initialize the ATM with a specified amount of cash and other parameters.
System shall display the initial screen if no cash card is present.
System shall not accept cards if running out of cash and display an error message.
User shall be able to insert a cash card, and the ATM shall check its validity, including card information readability and expiration date.
System shall read the serial number and bank code from a valid cash card and initiate the authorization dialog.
System shall log the serial number of a valid cash card.
User shall enter a password, and the ATM shall verify the password and bank code with the bank's computer.
System shall handle different negative responses from the bank, such as incorrect password, unsupported bank code, or account issues, and reject the card.
System shall proceed with the authorization process if the password and serial number are correct.
System shall retain a cash card if entered more than three times with incorrect passwords and prompt the user to contact the bank.
User shall be able to withdraw cash by entering the desired amount, and the ATM shall check if the amount is within predefined limits.
System shall redo the transaction if the withdrawal amount exceeds allowed limits.
System shall perform the transaction by sending a request to the bank computer and waiting for a response.
System shall dispense cash if the transaction is successful and print a receipt while updating the cash amount and ejecting the card.
User shall collect the dispensed cash, and the ATM shall log the transaction amount against the serial number and send a response to the bank.
System shall display an error message and return the card if a transaction is unsuccessful.
System shall check the validity of the bank code upon request from the ATM.
System shall send a "bad bank code" message to the ATM if the bank code is invalid.
System shall check if the entered password is valid for the specified cash card.
System shall send a "bad password" message to the ATM if the password is invalid and update the invalid password count.
System shall send a "bad account" message to the ATM if there are account issues even with a valid cash card and password.
System shall send an "account ok" message to the ATM if the cash card, password, and account are valid.
System shall process transaction requests from the ATM, updating the account balance accordingly.
System shall update the user's account after receiving a response from the ATM about money dispensed.
System shall check the account's withdrawal limit and deny the transaction if the amount exceeds it.
Bank shall provide security only for its own computer and software.
The system must perform well in adverse environmental conditions, such as extreme temperatures.
The system must maintain uninterrupted and reliable connections for transactions.
The system must support a high data transfer rate for efficient processing.
The system must be safely housed in a physically secure cabin.
The system must be bolted to the floor to prevent theft.
There must be an emergency phone located outside the cabin for safety purposes.
The cabin door must have an ATM card swipe slot for access control.
The cabin door must remain locked, opening only when a user swipes a valid ATM card in the slot.
User accessibility must be closely monitored and restricted as needed.
Users must be prompted to change their PIN on first use for security.
Users must be advised not to share their PIN with anyone.
The system must lock out users after three incorrect PIN attempts for security.
The software must adhere to security and performance quality standards.
The client can register themselves in the system by filling in the required data.
The admin or user can log in to the system with their unique username and password.
Authenticated users can add properties to the system.
Professionals, including agents who work as residential and commercial real estate brokers, provide property details to the admin, who then adds the property to the website.
Users can ask questions and receive answers on the platform.
Users can view, update, or delete their own profile.
Users can manage properties by viewing, editing, or deleting them.
Users can search for available properties within their budget based on the area covered, city, location, price range, property type, property subtype, and purpose.
Users can view full property details.
The admin can create, read, update, and delete realtors.
The user can register attendance for the day by entering their Staff ID, name, and password and clicking the Register Attendance button.
The user can view their yearly and monthly attendance records.
The user can manipulate and view course details, including department-wise and description.
The user can manipulate and view department details, including department and description.
The user can manipulate and view designation details, including designation and description.
The user can manipulate and view donation details that have been made, such as department-wise, course-wise, and semester-wise donations.
The user can manipulate and view exam details, including subject name, date of the exam, total marks, and pass marks.
The user can manipulate and view fee details, including tuition fees, exam fees, and donation fees.
The user can manipulate and view fee payment details, including fees amount, concession, fees paid, balance amount, and donation fees.
When the user logs in, they are directed to the main page, which contains a menu strip with seven menu items: Master, Student, Employee, Transaction, Search, Report, and Exit.
The Master menu allows the user to access department, course, designation, subject details, examination details, fees details, donation and tuition, and scholarship information.
The Student menu allows the user to access profile entry, other details, and result entry.
The Employee menu allows the user to access staff entry and attendance details.
The Transaction menu allows the user to access student and employee transactions.
The Search menu allows the user to search for student and employee information.
The Report menu allows the user to generate student and employee reports, including TC, class-wise report, course-wise report, result report, participation in ECA and inter-college competition, old student list, special achievements, department-wise report, and experience-wise report.
The Exit menu allows the user to confirm whether they want to continue using the application or exit.
The system should run on a good working PC that meets the hardware interface requirements specified in the system documentation.
The system should efficiently handle medium-sized information databases without significant performance degradation.
The system should avoid becoming overloaded and should maintain optimal performance even under peak load conditions.
The system shall provide a facility for guests to register with the system as a user and select their desired user role.
The system shall allow registered users to log in using their credentials.
The system shall display the admin home page when an admin logs in.
The system shall display the user home page based on the user's role when a normal user logs in.
The system shall enable admin users to add, modify, or disable user roles as needed.
The system shall allow users to edit their personal data.
The system shall allow admin users to disable another user as needed.
The system shall provide admin users with the ability to add or remove menu options for user roles.
The system assumes that each user will have only one role assigned at a time.
The system shall authenticate users using their account credentials.
The system shall provide users with a list of selectable symptoms.
The system shall predict diseases or illnesses based on the user's selected symptoms and display the results.
The system shall allow users to search for suggested doctors for consultation based on their symptoms or predicted diseases.
The system shall facilitate conversations between the user and the selected doctor for consultation.
The system requires end users to provide their symptoms accurately to avoid false predictions.
The system is not designed for emergency medical use; in case of an emergency, users should contact emergency services such as 108 or their primary doctor.
The system ensures the security of personal health data to prevent unauthorized disclosure.
The system application will implement a secure "passcode" that users must enter each time they log in to prevent unauthorized access.
User shall be able to register by providing required details and receive a success message upon account creation.
User shall be able to search for cargo by entering the name and receive replies from admin for corresponding requests.
User shall be able to input shipment details including packaging type, dimensions, weight, and number of pieces for admin to check the export feasibility and provide necessary feedback.
User shall be able to provide delivery details such as company contacts, route, delivery date, and quantity for admin to process and deliver the materials.
User shall be able to submit complaints about deliveries or other issues, providing details for the admin to handle and resolve the complaint.
System shall be able to manage bills for clients, including clearance receipt, freight fare, and delivery charges, and maintain complete records of payments.
The system must be connected to the network for optimal performance and support simultaneous access by multiple users with fast response times.
User interface is in English only, and the system requires admin approval for sellers to access the system; a client machine needs at least 256 MB RAM for operation.
System must authenticate users with the correct username and password before allowing full access, ensuring database safety and secure payments.
System uses MySQL (Version 5.5.8) for the database with several tables for storing information.
System provides report generation for delivered goods to facilitate backup and recovery in case of data loss.
The minimum installation requirements include server space of 500MB and 1GB for the database.
User shall search for articles on the Online Journal Website by author name, category, or keyword.
System shall display search options to the user.
User shall select the desired article.
System shall present the abstract of the article to the user.
User shall choose to download the article.
System shall provide the requested article for download.
The Online Journal server must have high-speed Internet capability.
The physical machine for the server will be determined by the Historical Society.
The software assumes the use of a tool like Tomcat for connecting web pages and the database.
The speed of the Reader's connection depends on their hardware rather than system characteristics.
The Article Manager will run on the editor's PC and will utilize an Access database.
Access is already installed on the editor's computer, which operates on the Windows operating system.
The system shall provide three forms of logging: registration for new users, login for existing users, and restricted login for anonymous users.
The registration page shall allow users to input their information.
The system shall validate the specified information during the registration process.
Upon successful validation, the user shall be registered to the system.
The system shall provide an examination tab where candidates can view cut off marks for various exams.
Candidates shall be able to choose the examination category and download the PDF containing cut off marks.
The system shall provide all examination category pages.
The system shall provide a PDF containing cut off marks.
The website shall offer a payment option for users to pay application fees for exams.
Users shall select the course and proceed to pay the fee.
The system shall transfer users to a merchant website to specify bank details for the transaction.
After successful validation, the course shall be purchased.
The system shall provide a merchant for transactions.
The system shall ensure safe transactions.
The system shall validate user information before processing transactions.
The system shall monitor the course for which the fees are paid.
The website shall provide information about marks scored by candidates in exams.
Candidates shall log in, select the examination tab, and choose the Marks Information option.
Candidates shall enter required details and submit to view marks information.
The system shall provide an examination category page.
The system shall provide a detail filling page.
The system shall provide marks information in PDF format.
The website shall offer an answer key option for users to cross-check their answers.
Users shall select the examination and choose the answer key option.
The system shall provide PDF files of answer keys.
The system shall validate user information before processing the transaction.
The system shall monitor the examination name for which the answer key is requested.
The website shall provide forms for certificates so users can request certificates online.
Users shall select the recruitment option and choose Forms for Certificates.
Users shall select the relevant performa category, fill the form, and submit it.
The system shall provide a form for certificates.
The system shall provide PDF files of the forms for certificates.
The website shall offer forms and downloads so users can request certificates online.
Users shall select the recruitment option and choose Forms and Downloads.
Users shall select the relevant category of forms, fill them, and submit.
The system shall provide forms for users.
The system shall provide PDF files of the forms.
The product shall be web-based and must operate from a web server.
The initial load time of the product shall vary based on the internet connection strength and the media used for access.
Performance shall be influenced by the hardware components of the client/customer.
The system shall utilize secure sockets for all transactions involving confidential applicant information.
Applicants shall be automatically logged out after a period of inactivity to ensure security.
No cookies containing the user's password or any confidential information shall be stored on the applicant's computer.
The upsconline.nic.in site shall be available 24/7 for access.
The server must have UPS support with at least 8 hours of backup power in case of power failure.
Exam sessions shall be available only during pre-allotted time slots, but the site can be accessed at any time for other information.
Colleges shall be able to register for exams at any time.
The developed website must be highly reliable and secure to prevent any leakage of applicant information.
The website shall be user-friendly and require minimal effort to operate.
The web server used shall provide services like session management to maintain application sessions.
User shall be able to access registration forms for customers, agents, and employees.
User shall be able to send requests for customer medical reports to the verification department.
User shall be able to verify and approve/disapprove applications in the verification department interface.
User shall be able to send status reports to the finance and legal contract department through the Life Insurance System interface.
User shall be able to access a help link to download and view the user manual if encountering difficulties in using the program.
User shall be notified by the system about their insurance policy.
System shall ensure consistent security for users through the use of passwords.
System shall trigger the mail message generator to send emails to customers and agents as needed.
System shall communicate with the database via a wireless Ethernet system.
User shall have access to the system based on the reliability of the separate components.
User shall access the system through a web browser, subject to server downtime.
In case of hardware failure or database corruption, users shall be redirected to a replacement page.
Backups of the database shall be retrieved and saved by the administrator in case of hardware failure or database corruption.
System shall maintain sessions for better security and performance.
Online payment shall be implemented through payment gateways using 128 SSL encryption for security.
Maintenance of the database shall be performed using a commercial database system.
In case of failure, the program shall be re-initialized.
The software design shall prioritize modularity for efficient maintenance.
User shall be able to register for an individual or business account by providing email, creating password, and confirming password.
User shall be able to log in using email or mobile number.
User shall be able to track orders by providing tracking ID or order ID and view the recent position of a product.
User shall be able to send money by entering recipient's mobile number, email ID, or name, and providing recipient's account number and the amount.
User shall be able to request money by entering recipient's name or email ID, selecting currency and request amount, and specifying the amount to be requested.
User shall be able to view transaction activity by entering start date and end date.
User shall be able to choose payment methods such as PayPal balance, debit or credit card, and transfer funds by entering recipient's email ID or name, and making the payment.
User shall be able to pay bills by choosing payment options, selecting bill type (water, apartment, electricity), and entering the amount to make the payment.
User shall be able to apply cashback by entering promo code and successfully transferring the amount.
User shall be able to link a card or bank account by providing card details and linking the account successfully.
User shall be able to access customer services by selecting options like search for issue, chat, ask community, email, or call, and submitting the problem/issue.
User shall be able to recover forgotten password by providing email or mobile number, entering verification code, and creating a new password successfully.
User shall experience high data transfer rate and uninterrupted connections while using the system.
User shall be automatically logged out after a period of inactivity for security purposes.
Only authenticated users shall have access to the system's back-end servers to ensure security.
The PayPal network must be available 24 hours a day to ensure continuous service availability.
Maintainers are responsible for connecting new users to the PayPal Payment System network and maintaining records of all users and transaction status for maintainability purposes.
User shall perform weekly roster of employees.
User shall print reports annually, weekly, and daily.
User shall check feedbacks.
User shall send newsletters.
User shall manage user portfolio.
User shall change the super password.
Employee shall log into the system.
Employee shall check their rosters.
Employee shall maintain daily logs.
Employee shall select availability.
Employee shall check online bookings.
Client shall make a booking.
Client shall check their booking status.
Client shall calculate fare.
Client shall view driver history.
Client shall change password.
Client shall reset forgotten password.
System shall keep session track of user activity.
System shall record clients request for booking.
System shall keep history of course bookings.
System shall keep record of feedbacks received from clients.
Temporary password shall be mailed to the user in case of forgotten password.
Clients shall receive notification email of booking confirmation.
User shall accommodate a minimum of 10,000 records of clients in the database.
User shall support the use of multiple users at a time.
User shall utilize certain cryptographic techniques for security.
User shall keep specific log or history data sets for security purposes.
User shall assign certain functions to different modules for security.
User shall restrict communications between some areas of the program for security.
User shall check data integrity for critical variables for security.
User shall incorporate encryption techniques in the user/license authentication process for security.
User shall include an error tracking log to help users understand application crashes and prevent recurrence.
User shall restrict communication when validating the user or license using HTTPS for security.
User shall ensure ease of porting the software to other host machines and/or operating systems.
User shall allow the user to reset all options and stored user variables to default settings for maintainability.
User shall commit all data storage for user variables to the database at the time of entry for reliability.
User shall prevent data corruption by applying possible backup procedures and techniques for reliability.
User shall provide a logical interface to facilitate easy system use, speeding up common tasks for usability.
User shall integrate error prevention measures such as sanity checks and limiting free-text input for usability.
System shall rebuild all cached data during every startup for availability.
System shall not recover user data if lost, assigning default values of system data when necessary for availability.
User shall log in to Big Basket by entering mobile number and password.
System shall check whether the account exists or not.
If the account doesn't exist, the system shall prompt the user to sign in to create a Big Basket account.
Customer shall view grocery items by entering keywords in the search option.
System shall check the database to determine if the items are in stock.
If the items are in stock, the system shall display the items; if not, it shall display that the items are out of stock.
Grocery store owner shall update the stocks by adding or deleting items that are out of stock.
Owner's input for updating the stocks shall be processed, and the database shall be updated accordingly.
The updated product list shall be shown to the customer.
Customer shall add products to their cart and proceed to checkout.
During checkout, the customer shall input details such as name, mobile number, and location.
After checkout, the system shall send the list of ordered products to the grocery store owner.
The owner shall confirm and pack the order and hand it over to the delivery person.
After confirmation, the customer shall receive a notification that the order is confirmed and will be delivered shortly.
User shall expect the Big Basket server to be operational 24*7 without any interruptions.
System shall ensure maximum security by encrypting user data such as name, password, and account balance during transmission.
The system shall be designed for easy maintenance to quickly address any errors that occur in the project.
User shall register for the examination.
User shall login to access the examination portal.
User shall view and select available examination categories.
User shall attempt the examination within the allocated time.
User shall submit answers and view results after completion.
User shall login to access the examiner portal.
User shall view examination schedules and details.
User shall upload examination questions and set parameters.
User shall monitor examination progress and view candidate responses.
User shall evaluate and score candidate responses.
User shall login to access the administrator portal.
User shall manage user accounts and permissions.
User shall configure examination settings and schedules.
User shall generate reports and statistics on examination performance.
User shall view overall result rankings for examinations.
User shall filter rankings based on different criteria such as category or time period.
User shall export ranking data for further analysis if required.
User shall access the discussion forum section.
User shall post questions, comments, or discussions related to examinations.
User shall view and respond to posts from other users.
User shall report inappropriate content if encountered.
User passwords shall contain a minimum of 8 characters.
User passwords shall include at least 1 numerical digit.
ReCaptcha shall be implemented to enhance security during authentication.
User shall enter search text on the screen and display matching products based on the search.
User shall be able to select multiple options on the screen to search.
User shall display only 10 matching results on the current screen.
User shall enable navigation between the search results.
User shall notify the user when no matching product is found on the search.
System shall utilize user cookies to study the buying pattern of the user.
System shall customize the user's homepage based on previous interactions, including wish-list additions, page views, and previous searches.
System shall display related items to the items already bought by the user.
System shall recommend similar items based on the user's buying pattern.
System shall display similar products with high ratings, newly in-stock items, or items featured at special discount prices.
System shall display all related items that other users purchased in addition to the selected product.
System shall provide an interface for sellers to add product description and price through their account.
System shall list all sellers offering a common product and prioritize them based on the percentage of discount.
User shall be able to return items to the seller if not satisfied and provide feedback.
User shall be able to exchange items with the seller in case of delivery of defective items and provide feedback.
System shall notify the seller about the customer's reasons and feedback regarding the product.
User and seller profiles shall contain contact, location, address, and seller's license details.
System shall display both active and completed order history in the customer profile.
System shall allow users to select orders from the order history and view detailed information.
System shall display the most frequently searched items by the user in the profile.
System shall assist sellers in keeping a list of products and their information in their profile.
System shall safely transfer money to the seller's bank account after successful transactions.
System shall add details of money transfer to the company's event logs and database.
System shall send order confirmation to the user and seller through email or SMS.
System shall display a detailed invoice for the current order once confirmed.
User shall be able to print the invoice.
System shall display detailed information of seller's details to the customer and vice versa.
System shall provide a shopping cart during online purchase.
User shall be able to add/remove products in the shopping cart.
User shall confirm orders for purchase later.
System shall allow users to enter order information for tracking.
System shall display the current tracking information about the order.
System shall notify the seller about the delivery of the product to the consumer.
System shall display available payment methods for payment.
User shall be able to select the payment method for the order.
System shall provide online help, FAQs, and sitemap options for customer support.
User shall be able to select the support type.
User shall enter customer and product information for support.
System shall display user contact of the seller and Flipkart support desk.
System shall display online help and FAQs upon request.
User shall access the product through a web server.
User shall experience initial load time based on internet connection strength and the media used to run the product.
System shall use secure sockets in all transactions involving confidential customer information.
System shall confirm all transactions with the customers web browser.
System shall not store any cookies containing the users password or confidential information on the customers computer.
User's password shall be displayed in the web browser with special characters representing typed characters.
User's credit card number shall only display the last 4 digits after retrieval from the database.
Systems back-end servers shall not display a customers password and shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
Back-end databases shall be encrypted and within the companys perimeter.
Reliability of the system depends on the reliability of its separate components.
Backup of the database shall be continuously maintained and updated to reflect the most recent changes.
System shall ensure protection against various types of failures, damage, or harm, including physical, social, financial, and psychological.
Maintaining the database will be facilitated by a commercial database and the application server.
In case of failure, the program will undergo re-initialization.
Software design will prioritize modularity for efficient maintainability.
User interacts with the payment processing feature through HTML and CSS code.
User inputs their UPI ID into the designated fields.
The system handles the click event on the "Pay Now" button using JavaScript code.
Upon successful payment processing, users are redirected to the payment success page.
The payment success page structure and content are defined using HTML code.
JavaScript code includes error handling mechanisms to display error messages if payment processing fails.
User adds items to the cart using JavaScript code.
User views the cart contents, which are managed by JavaScript code.
HTML and CSS define the structure and styling of the cart interface.
JavaScript functions process user actions and update the cart display accordingly.
HTML code generates the cart display based on the current contents of the cart.
JavaScript code includes error handling functionality to ensure a smooth user experience.
User updates the cart contents using JavaScript functions.
JavaScript functions manage updating the cart based on user actions such as quantity adjustments or item removal.
User shall receive the product list within 2 seconds of requesting it, ensuring a responsive interface.
User shall add items to the shopping cart with a response time of less than 1 second, enhancing the shopping experience.
User shall access the system concurrently with a minimum capacity of 100 simultaneous users, maintaining performance.
User shall access the system reliably with an uptime of at least 99% over a 30-day period.
User shall experience regular backups of data, ensuring data integrity and preventing loss in case of failure.
User shall expect the system to recover to a stable state within 5 minutes in the event of a system failure.
User shall access the system 24/7, with planned maintenance during off-peak hours.
User shall rely on critical system components with a Mean Time Between Failures (MTBF) exceeding 30 days.
User's authentication credentials shall be encrypted and protected against brute force attacks.
User's personal and payment data shall be encrypted during transmission and storage, ensuring confidentiality.
User's access to administrative functions shall be restricted to authorized personnel through role-based access control (RBAC).
User shall benefit from a modularized and well-documented system for ease of maintenance and future enhancements.
User shall have access to version control systems for tracking code changes and updates.
User shall access the system across different platforms and devices with compatibility with modern web browsers.
User shall experience optimized mobile responsiveness for seamless access from smartphones and tablets.
User shall see a list of blogs upon clicking the button on the homepage, providing access to individual post pages.
User shall be able to search for blogs using a search query string, with results displayed based on the query.
User shall log in using a username and password, with successful authentication redirecting to the respective home page.
User shall register by filling out a registration form, with success or failure based on data availability.
User shall add a new blog by filling out a form with title, description, and content, with validation ensuring data integrity.
User shall update a blog by filling out a form with title, description, and content, with validation ensuring data integrity.
User shall delete a blog by clicking a button, with validation ensuring data integrity.
User shall log out by clicking a button, with the session terminated and redirection to the home page.
System shall display a list of blogs on the homepage upon user request, accessible to all users.
System shall allow users to search for blogs based on a query string, displaying matching results.
System shall authenticate users using a username and password, redirecting to the respective home page upon successful login.
System shall register new users by validating input data and updating the database accordingly.
System shall facilitate the addition of new blogs by validating input data and updating the database accordingly.
System shall enable users to update existing blogs by validating input data and updating the database accordingly.
System shall support the deletion of blogs by validating user actions and updating the database accordingly.
System shall terminate user sessions upon logout, destroying the session and redirecting to the home page.
User shall experience smooth performance as data queries involve small pieces of data and screen changes occur quickly.
User shall have access to the website 24/7, except during maintenance periods.
User shall access the application without experiencing heavy load on their device due to its lightweight design.
Only the project admin shall have backend database access, allowing for secure modifications and updates.
System shall provide a secure login/registration system to prevent unauthorized access.
System shall store data securely in the database, ensuring protection of sensitive information.
System shall maintain consistency in performance, ensuring reliable and predictable operation.
System shall enforce business rules, allowing blog owners to manage only their own blogs and not interfere with others'.
System shall be robust, scalable, flexible, and user-friendly to meet diverse user needs effectively.
System shall be available at all times, providing stable access to users.
System shall ensure correctness in displaying blog details and content, preventing inaccuracies.
System shall prioritize usability, striving to satisfy the maximum number of customer needs efficiently.
User shall seamlessly translate text input from one language to another in real-time, preserving meaning and conveying nuance effectively.
User shall transcribe spoken language input into text format before initiating the translation process, enabling instant translations for conversations and voice commands.
User shall hear spoken output in the target language generated from translated text, enhancing accessibility and pronunciation assistance.
User shall benefit from automatic language detection, streamlining the translation process and enhancing user convenience in multilingual environments.
User shall experience continuous improvement in translation accuracy over time through machine learning algorithms analyzing user interactions and feedback.
User shall integrate the app with communication platforms for real-time translation of conversations, chat messages, and social media posts.
User shall download language packs containing essential language data for offline use, ensuring access to translation services without internet connectivity.
User shall perform on-device translation locally without internet reliance, delivering responsive and reliable translation experiences.
User shall access a limited feature set for offline usage, prioritizing essential translation functionalities for usability and efficiency.
User shall receive automatic updates for downloaded language packs to ensure access to the latest translations and language improvements.
User shall experience optimized resource usage, minimizing storage space, processing power, and battery consumption during offline usage.
User shall access fallback mechanisms in situations where offline resources are unavailable, assisting in understanding foreign language content.
User shall toggle between online and offline modes within the app settings to manage connectivity preferences based on environment and usage requirements.
User shall experience smooth and efficient translation requests handling, even during concurrent usage, facilitated by effective concurrency control mechanisms.
User shall benefit from optimized resource utilization to minimize memory, CPU, and network bandwidth consumption, ensuring scalability and performance in resource-constrained environments.
User shall have access to continuous performance monitoring and profiling to identify and address performance bottlenecks proactively, ensuring optimal system efficiency.
User shall experience evenly distributed translation requests across multiple servers through load balancing strategies, optimizing resource allocation and scalability.
User shall have access to predefined emergency response protocols and procedures within the app, providing assistance during critical incidents such as medical emergencies or natural disasters.
User shall have their privacy protected through data anonymization techniques, encryption methods, and data masking mechanisms, ensuring confidentiality and reducing the risk of data breaches.
User shall receive safety training materials and awareness campaigns within the app, promoting safe behaviors and fostering a culture of responsibility among users.
User shall benefit from regular vulnerability assessments, security audits, and penetration testing to identify and remediate security vulnerabilities in the app's codebase and infrastructure.
User shall have access to a well-defined incident response plan and incident management procedures within the app to handle security incidents effectively, minimizing their impact.
User shall experience adaptability and flexibility in the app, accommodating evolving user needs, technological advancements, and market trends through modular architectures and extensible design patterns.
User shall benefit from interoperability with third-party systems and services, enabling seamless integration with external applications, devices, and ecosystems through support for industry-standard protocols and open APIs.
User shall generate reports at the Admin Login page by clicking on the link provided.
System shall check for the existence of requested reports and redirect control to the generated report screen, displaying information on paid members, free members, and all members.
User shall send and read emails by clicking on the respective links or shortcuts.
System shall redirect control to the mail screen, providing options to read or send emails to the administrator.
User shall register as a new user by clicking on the registration link at the login page.
System shall direct the user to the registration page to complete the registration process, storing user data in the database and sending a confirmation email.
User shall log into their account by entering their user-id and password.
System shall validate the user credentials and provide access to the user's profile, allowing them to update their resume, profile, and search for job matches.
User shall retrieve forgotten passwords by clicking on the password retrieval link.
System shall send an email to the user's verified email address with a verification code or link to set a new password.
User's session shall automatically redirect to the login page if it expires.
System shall return the user to the login page when the session expires.
User shall search for potential employees by entering interests and preferences such as salary, location, job category, and profession.
System shall search the database for individuals matching the entered qualifications and preferences, displaying their complete details.
User shall apply for a job by filling out the necessary details in the respective form.
System shall verify if the applicant is eligible for the job and send an email for further procedures if applicable.
User shall apply for various jobs on the website by providing details regarding date, schedule, and location.
System shall search the database for available job options matching the user's preferences and display them along with the company's contact details.
User shall expect uninterrupted website functionality even during high network traffic.
User shall not share their password with anyone, and the system must ensure complete privacy of filtered details and user chats.
User shall have a maximum of three attempts to enter the password, after which an email notification will be sent if there's an additional attempt.
System shall prioritize security and performance as the two primary objectives.
System shall ensure 24/7 availability of the interface and maximal security of the network.
Only the administrator shall have the authority to make changes to the database, including addition, updating, and deletion of data.
User shall present their ID card for validation.
System shall grant access and allow further actions if the ID card is valid.
System shall deny access and display an error message if the ID card is invalid.
User shall mark attendance using a selected method.
System shall confirm successful attendance marking.
System shall display an error message if authentication fails or other issues occur.
System shall automatically track work/class hours based on user's sign-in and sign-out timestamps.
User shall request leave through the system.
System shall confirm submission of leave request.
Administrator shall review and approve/deny leave requests.
Administrator shall view submitted leave requests and take appropriate action.
System shall generate reports on attendance data based on specified criteria.
User shall specify desired report criteria, and the system shall display the report accordingly.
User may export attendance data in a chosen format.
User shall select desired data format and export criteria, and the system shall export data accordingly.
System may send alerts for tardiness or absences.
System shall monitor user attendance data and send notifications for tardiness or absences.
Administrator shall manage user accounts.
Administrator shall add, edit, or delete user accounts and assign roles.
Updated user accounts with corresponding roles shall be reflected in the system.
System shall define user roles and access permissions.
Administrator shall configure user roles and assign permissions for functionalities.
System shall enforce access control based on assigned user roles and permissions.
System shall handle concurrent usage by multiple professors during peak times (9:00 AM to 2:00 PM).
Transmission of roll data must occur in under 5 seconds.
Acknowledgement of roll received must be returned within 8 seconds.
Queries upon the database shall be performed in less than 5 seconds.
Upon start of the roll program, roll information shall be displayed on the instructors Pocket PC within 10 seconds.
Email messages to absent students shall be sent within one hour of the conclusion of a class.
The program shall support taking roll for class sizes of up to 100 students while maintaining performance requirements.
System shall be protected by a password.
An antivirus has been installed on the system for safety purposes as it is connected via LAN and MAN.
An instructor shall be permitted to view and edit absence information in the database for only his/her classes.
Instructors must enter a password to take roll or edit database information.
Passwords shall be stored in an instructor database and verified upon each session of roll or database modification.
An instructor can change his/her password only by supplying the existing password.
The system shall be available to all instructors through Information Systems during their normal hours of operation.
Reliability of the system and roll information shall be achieved through database manipulation.
The system shall be reusable for each new semester.
If no network connection can be established to receive roll information, the instructor shall be allowed to enter roll later.
If a network connection is lost during roll, the program shall allow the instructor to transmit roll information at a later time.
The system shall allow for addition or deletion of instructors, students, and classes while incorporating new semesters.
Usability of the system shall be achieved through online help pages and an introductory training session for all instructors upon installation.
The system shall allow for user ID and password input.
Upon login, the system shall direct users to either the manager or worker portion of the program.
Managers shall be able to add new tasks.
Managers shall be able to edit existing tasks.
Managers shall be able to delete tasks from the system.
Managers shall be able to confirm when tasks have been completed.
The system shall provide limited but necessary operations for workers.
Workers shall be able to mark tasks as completed.
Workers shall be able to view rewards.
Workers shall be able to search for tasks.
Workers shall be able to change their passwords.
The system shall provide a basic help guide to aid in usability.
Managers shall have the ability to reset passwords.
The system shall perform basic operations in less than 2 seconds.
It shall be compatible with Windows 8 and Mac X operating systems.
Communication between the Java application and the SQL database shall be established.
The SQL database must have scalable capacity.
User account names shall be associated with passwords chosen by the user.
Manager passwords shall be linked to a secret question for password reset.
Worker password reset shall be managed by the manager.
Lockout mechanisms shall be implemented for repeated incorrect password entries (3 times).
The system interfaces will be user-friendly, requiring no training for operation.
Interfaces shall be easily navigable, clearly labeled, and accompanied by a help menu.
The system code shall be written for future upgrades, documented, and fully commented.
Each method shall include a description of its function and additional information for future use.
The system shall be portable and operable on Windows 8 and Mac X operating systems.
Compatibility with previous Windows versions will require further testing.
User shall be able to initialize system parameters.
System shall be able to store the initialized parameters.
User shall be able to see the initial interface if no user is detected.
System shall be able to display the initial interface.
User shall be able to see an error message if the system is low on resources.
System shall be able to check if system resources are below a threshold and display an error message if so.
User shall be able to validate user credentials.
System shall be able to check if user credentials are valid and display an error message if invalid.
User shall be able to read serial number and device information.
System shall be able to read device information and initiate the authorization process.
User shall be able to log the serial number.
System shall be able to log the serial number and update the log file.
User shall be able to initiate user password verification.
System shall be able to verify the password with the central system and accept or reject authorization.
User shall be able to handle different negative responses from the central system.
System shall be able to display relevant error messages and take corrective action.
User shall be able to finish the authorization process if successful.
System shall be able to complete the authorization process and start the transaction dialog.
User shall be able to keep the device if multiple incorrect attempts are made.
System shall be able to display an error message and take corrective action if multiple incorrect attempts are made.
User shall be able to offer withdrawal transactions.
System shall be able to check if the withdrawal amount is within transaction limits and display the amount to be dispensed.
User shall be able to handle the initial withdrawal sequence.
System shall be able to check if the withdrawal amount is within predefined policy and start or re-initiate the transaction dialog.
User shall be able to perform the transaction.
System shall be able to send a request to the central system, wait for a response, and perform the transaction accordingly.
User shall be able to dispense money if the transaction is successful.
System shall be able to print a receipt, update system parameters, and dispense money upon a successful transaction.
User shall be able to collect and log the dispensed amount.
System shall be able to log the dispensed amount against device information and send a response to the central system.
User shall be able to display an error message if the transaction is unsuccessful.
System shall be able to display an error message and eject the device if the transaction is unsuccessful.
User shall be able to verify the validity of the user account.
System shall be able to check if the user account is valid.
User shall be able to handle invalid user accounts.
System shall be able to send a message "invalid user account" to the central system for an invalid user account.
User shall be able to validate the user password.
System shall be able to check the entered password and send a message indicating its validity.
User shall be able to handle invalid passwords.
System shall be able to send a message "invalid password" to the central system for an invalid password and update the count for invalid password attempts.
User shall be able to check for account-related issues.
System shall be able to process account-related issues and send a message "account issues" to the central system.
User shall be able to confirm successful user authorization.
System shall be able to process the authorization message and send "authorization successful" to the central system.
User shall be able to process transaction requests.
System shall be able to process transaction requests on a device and send a message indicating the success or failure of the transaction.
User shall be able to update the device status after action completion.
System shall be able to update the device status in the central system after action completion.
User shall be able to enforce transaction limits.
System shall be able to check if the transaction amount adheres to predefined limits and fail the transaction if the amount exceeds the limit.
User shall be able to ensure security for the central system and its software.
System shall be able to implement robust security measures for the central system and associated software to ensure security.
The system shall be able to function in extreme temperatures to ensure reliability in adverse environmental conditions.
The system shall provide uninterrupted and stable connections between devices for consistent performance.
The system shall support a high data transfer rate to facilitate real-time communication and quick response to user commands.
The system shall ensure physically secure storage by placing it in a locked cabinet to prevent unauthorized access.
The system shall implement anti-theft measures, such as bolting it to the floor, to prevent unauthorized removal.
The system shall provide emergency communication options, including an emergency phone inside and outside the cabin.
The system shall implement access control measures, such as secure validation methods on the cabin door.
The system shall ensure user authentication, allowing access only through valid and secure validation processes.
The system shall ensure secure placement to prevent unauthorized access.
The system shall implement measures to prevent unauthorized physical or digital access.
The system shall provide emergency communication options for residents both inside and outside the home.
The system shall implement stringent access controls, possibly using biometric authentication or secure access codes.
The system shall enforce robust user authentication, allowing access only through verified and authorized methods.
The system shall ensure continuous availability, allowing users to control and monitor devices 24/7 without interruptions.
The system shall maximize security measures to prevent unauthorized network access and ensure the integrity and privacy of user data.
The system shall restrict access to maintainers only for connecting new devices to the network, ensuring controlled and authorized system expansions.
